lenten ratingfour The only thing needed is swype to make it complete :)
leneleven ratingfour When it has 2 languages selected it mostly makes predictions in one
lentwentyeight ratingfour Great app very easy to use and I love the level of customisation but is does suffer from over sampling the keystrokes while the phone is being charged.
lenten ratingfour Otherwise perfect, although this is kind of a big deal.
leneight ratingfour I could not even personalize my writing style.
leneleven ratingfive I want it to be able to learn from whatsapp too!
lensix ratingfour please add emojis and other stuff
lentwentyfour ratingfive You might also have to change a few small settings to taylor it how you want it to auto space, period, and what not.
lenseventeen ratingthree Currently messes up when trying to type comments, messages etc on the mobile website version of Facebook.
lensixteen ratingthree It would be better if it could be used on Google Search and on my browser.
leneight ratingfour I just wish it worked on my Facebook..
lentwenty ratingtwo but lags like hell often when u wake up the phone after deep sleep and feel like smashing my phone ..
lenthirteen ratingfour Great app but needs to be a little more customizable, or more themes.
lenseventeen ratingfour Also, a selection of copyright and trademark symbols , ?, this very important key is currently; hard to find.
lentwentyfour ratingfour This vital key should be front and center considering the level of proprietary issues, that arise; daily, from social media postings; from general observational
leneleven ratingthree And now it doesnt want to download the english or spanish
leneleven ratingfour Is there anyway swift key can create a red color theme?
lenthree ratingone Watsapp conflict + more
leneleven ratingthree The keyboard is great, but hard to use with one hand.
leneight ratingfive Only thing missing for me is a <3 emoticon.
lenfour ratingone Punctuation key is annoying.
lennine ratingone Please give option for tighter or old keyboard layout.
lenfive ratingone Arrow keys are unnecessarily large.
lensixteen ratingfour 1. Predictive text would be great while typing at anytime on the phone, not just for sms.
lenten ratingone The whole number/symbol entry screen needs to be redone.
lenseventeen ratingthree But one major flaw on this for a fast typer is the lack of MULTI TOUCH support.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree And for god sake why don't you put an option to turn off "family filter" so i can write properly instead of seeing duck everytime i want to write something else.
lentwelve ratingfive I wish you could still use swype but everything else is AWESOME
lenfifteen ratingfour Wish I had options to make font larger on the keys, like A.I. Keyboard.
leneight ratingfive Wish the keyboard could show Gtalk's emoticons.
lentwentytwo ratingfive If there is a negative comparing the 2 it would be the lack of customisation compared to smart keyboard pro, which is endless!
lenfifteen ratingfour It would also be nice to have more themes or support for third party themes.
lenten ratingtwo Why isn't the predictive typing working in dolphin browser?
lenten ratingfive I like swype but the space bar is too small.
lentwentyone ratingfive Here's any idea you guys should come out with different key board themes for each holiday like if you agree
lenthirtyfive ratingthree It would be good if this paid for app would be a bit more configurable ie allow me to add an apostrophe on the main keyboard rather than have to go to the supplementary one
lenthirteen ratingone Smilies as default on the enter key are a deal breaker for me.
lenfifteen ratingfive Love the keyboards just Wish I could change typing sounds other than that great app!!
lenseven ratingfour Wish they had some better looking themes
lentwelve ratingfive Only thing missing is Welsh lang. Basque, Catalan, Galician, Icelandic... no Welsh?
lenfive ratingone Add Jelly Bean emoji support!
lenfive ratingfour Add more keyboard skins please!!!
lentwentyone ratingfive The update killed it on my thunderbolt. :( it says its turned on but I only get factory keyboard when I type
leneighteen ratingfive I just wish they had more language options like Japanese and Chinese, which I hope will come soon.
lenten ratingfive I'm hoping we are getting some new Good themes!!!
lentwentynine ratingfive Why they decided to put numbers on the left side and symbols on the right is beyond me (rather than numbers along the top and symbols on the rest).
lensix ratingfive Please continue develop the Spanish language.
lensixteen ratingthree It works well but there should be an option for adding custom words to the dictionary.
lennine ratingfive Currently enter key does not commit best to match.
lenfourteen ratingfour Also not happy with the collection-of-data warning at the beginning of installation.
lentwentyseven ratingfour Love the keyboard and all its features, but I have not been able to bill my provider's acct for Google play downloads ever since installing it.
lenseven ratingthree Without the personalized dictionary, I uninstalled it.
lennine ratingthree Also, they need to make enoticons easier to access...
lenseventeen ratingfour Please add marathi and hindi language support and the app will be the perfect keyboard  for 5 stars.
lenseven ratingfour Please add the marathi and hindi font.
lenthirteen ratingfive Only complaint is it would be nice to import settings from the trial.
lenten ratingfour It would be nice if they had more keyboard customizing.
lennine ratingfour Add some more themes, keypad and key press tones..
leneight ratingfive Not as accurate as it used to be.
lennine ratingfour I only wish it was trace/swipe text capable.
lenten ratingthree Please make the tablet version an option inside this app.
lensixteen ratingfive Only minor issue I have is I wish there was more themes for the key board
lentwentyone ratingthree My favorite, really, but it makes me have to switch to other input methods because of the lack of Chinese support.
lentwentythree ratingfive No problems at all, better than stock Samsung, but like others are saying, a personal dictionary would be great and the word shortcuts.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo SwiftKey plus chrome plus certain types of forms (particularly ones that require an email address) leads to a very ugly slow motion crash on ics.
lenseven ratingfive need to fix arabic on jelly bean
lenseven ratingfour Recently experiencing freezing at times in landscape.
lentwentyeight ratingone Every time I'm typing a long status on face book this keyboard will take words I'm typing and put them in the beginning of the status.
lenfive ratingone uses excessive amounts of ram...
lentwentyseven ratingfive I tend to hit the letter "b" instead of the space bar sometimes and it fails to predict that I'm trying to hit the space bar.
lenthirteen ratingtwo This crashes at minimum ten times a day during web browsing via Chrome.
lenseventeen ratingone the. com button when typing in a browser url is the most annoying thing about this keyboard.
lennineteen ratingone I love the keyboard but when I type texting 6 times and it shows tearing I get a bit frustrated.
leneight ratingfive Gets removed as default keyboard after every reboot.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo Too bad, because I did enjoy the features of SwiftKey, but I make so many errors using SwiftKey on the HOX that I can't use it.
leneight ratingthree Can you PLEASE fix the lag with ics?
leneleven ratingfive But won't  stay as default when start up or reboot?
lenfifteen ratingone Constantly crashes, slows down the phone, and uninstalls active language to force internet connection establishment.
lenten ratingone This app shouldn't require constant internet connection to work.
lensix ratingone Font doesn't change with theme.
lenseven ratingthree Backspace is often triggered as well randomly.
lenfourteen ratingone The default keyboard setting for SwiftKey is going away when I remove the battery.
lenthirtyone ratingthree Suggestions are awesome, but not many things annoy me as much as when I type something and SwiftKey changes it to something wrong even though I didn't choose a suggtion.
lensix ratingfive Chrome + SwiftKey = constant freeze and crash.
leneleven ratingone It's getting tedious setting SwiftKey as my keyboard each time.
lenten ratingthree The space that inserts after a punctuation is fairly annoying.
lennine ratingone And 30 to 40 mb is too much for a keyboard.
lentwelve ratingone Doesn't predict swears, custom words, or abbreviations w/ symbols (ie. "w/").
leneight ratingthree You select the correct spelling and nothing happens.
lenthirteen ratingthree Typing an email address is a pain in the ass with this app.
lentwelve ratingfour One little thing annoys me tho: the auto correct is really stubborn!
lentwentythree ratingone There are plenty more like me - see your "new features" topics on your support pages. An option to disable this would restore 5 stars.
lentwenty ratingfour Only annoying bug on JB, is that whenever i reboot my phone, the keyboard reverts back to the JB one.
leneighteen ratingthree Upgraded to an LG intuition and, while it still functions properly, it does not stretch across the screen.
lenfourteen ratingone For some reason, my nexus s defaults to Samsung keyboard and it really annoys.
lenten ratingtwo The latest update causes Chrome to constantly crash on the S2.
lenfifteen ratingtwo Had to stop using this keyboard because it's made browsing impossibly slow and frustrating.
lennineteen ratingthree On occasion, the words selection bar doesn't appear and the letters typed are not accepted by the application.
lenthirtyone ratingfive when I reboot my phone (Nexus S) the stock android keyboard is the default one, so I have to go back to the settings to make swiftkey the default keyboard again.
leneighteen ratingfive Was great when first purchased but following an update it no longer works on my HTC Desire HD.
lenthirtyseven ratingtwo My use case: Type something and select one of the three suggestions on the top of the keyboard. In my scenario (three languages, de/en_US/he) this fails a lot (I think mostly with German words).
lentwelve ratingfour 4 stars because no predictive text in web browser on JellyBean Galaxy S3 LTE.
lenthirteen ratingfour Typing email addresses and other long but irregular words can be a pain.
lennineteen ratingtwo Deleted after a week or so as it was constantly irritating me and just wouldnt let certain words go .
lentwenty ratingthree It shows up briefly after long press(which is inconvenient too) and goes away after a fraction of a second.
lensixteen ratingfour Basically, you don't have to release the long press to get the long press option.
lennine ratingfive But please add Chinese language support, really need it.
lenthirty ratingfour When in horizontal view you can't see any of the other persons messages. I even changed the layout to small to give more room but still won't show.
lentwelve ratingfour It's pointless to even go horizontal if you can read anything.
lennineteen ratingone Every time I restart my Note 2 (AT&T) I have to re select swift key again to use it.
lenfive ratingfive How about a character counter.
lenthirty ratingfive When I am writing on some apps that limit characters, such as a status update, I can't see how much I have put in without hitting the back button.
lenfourteen ratingfive You could add a character count on the right above/below the send button.
lenthirteen ratingfive Would be even better if the personal dictionaries could be synced to cloud.
lenfour ratingfive Could be more customizable.
lenfourteen ratingfour I just took one star off because shortcuts/ personal dictionary would make it perfect.
leneighteen ratingone But continuously 'disappears.' All settings are correct but it will not appear when I need to type something!!
lenseven ratingfive Also, I'm ready for more themes.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree Was great on my nexus s but on the Xperia u it causes quite a bit of lag on coming up and down to the point where the whole phone feels sluggish.
lentwentytwo ratingthree That isn't to say that the dwiftkey keyboard is bad, if it weren't for the lag it would be great
leneighteen ratingfive What I like here is the intelligence and the prediction power, which, by the way, can be improved.
lenthirtynine ratingfive Now the prediction is based just on recent writing, if I go back to continue a bit older texts with special terminology I realize that all the power of prediction is gone, have to learn it again from zero..
lentwelve ratingfive And in Romanian predictions are not even close to those in English..
lentwentytwo ratingtwo However, now with Jellybean 4.1.2 when swift key is selected as default keyboard, it takes quite awhile for the keyboard to open up.
lenten ratingfive It's would be refreshing to see other keyboard themes.
lenseven ratingthree Sometimes the suggestions don't pop up.
lenfive ratingtwo When is more themes coming
lentwentytwo ratingone It's been MONTHS since hundreds if not thousands of users faithfully and trustingly waiting for the additional of Chinese language support.
lenten ratingone But with more languages added,Chinese never made the list.
lenten ratingfive My only issue is lack themes! Please add way more .
lentwentyone ratingthree PLZ FIX TO WHERE THE KEYS WILL RESPOND TO PPL THAT TYPES FAST IT FREEZES ALOT N IM A QUICK TXTER
lenten ratingfour Unfortunately, the keyboard is simply not visible when using Chrome.
lenseventeen ratingfour Awesome keyboard but lacks pen detection for Note ii. Please include this in the next update :D
lentwentyfive ratingfour its a bit of a hassle to keep on changing between this and stock keyboard when I want to use the S-Pen Thanks :D
lensix ratingfive I wish it had trace however.
lenthree ratingone Need more themes.
lentwo ratingone Need t9 input
lenthirtyseven ratingone My use case: Type something and select one of the three suggestions on the top of the keyboard.  In my scenario (three languages, de/en_US/he) this fails a lot (I think mostly with German words).
lennineteen ratingone Type something, select the completion and the current text isn't replaced with the selected word, but removed entirely.
lennineteen ratingone Combining multiple languages in one keyboard (one for de/en_US instead of two different) is crap as well.
lenten ratingfour The portrait mode doesn't give me a predictions anymore.
leneleven ratingtwo But it makes my browser crash allmost everytime I use it.
lenfifteen ratingfour Great except every time the phone turns off it resets to the default Samsung keyboard.
lennine ratingthree Any reason why I can't load language packs?
lentwenty ratingtwo Some apps result in SwiftKey replacing the enter key with the smiley key as primary and long press as enter.
lennineteen ratingtwo If there was an option to remove the smiley and leave as enter this wouldn't be an issue.
lentwentyfive ratingfour 1, an option to add/remove words from the dictionary is present. The current method for word learning requires a few uses of the desired word.
lenfourteen ratingfour 2, a backup feature, so I don't lose my dictionary when I migrate phones.
lenseventeen ratingtwo SwiftKey 3 its crashing in web browser (chrome and stock browser) while selecting search bar and editing txt.
lensix ratingfive Although you should make more themes.
lenfourteen ratingthree It doesn't seem to access my Gmail for personalization, it keeps saying failed.
lennine ratingfive Is there no way of changing the language priorities?
lenthirtytwo ratingfour Faroese language is not registered, and I understand why because it is so small, but I wish I somehow could personalize the languages even more.so that it automatickly remebers faroese words
lenfourteen ratingone runbish, installed but wouldnt download languages so couldnt use it pluss couldnt re fund
leneighteen ratingtwo Has been my keyboard of choice for a while but it just doesn't work on Jelly Bean -
lenfourteen ratingtwo if you can't download the language packs you can't use the keyboard!
lenseven ratingone Cannot download the languages or use it
lentwentyone ratingone I just heard all these good things about this app and then right from the start the languages don't download...
lentwentyseven ratingtwo Before it started hiding key. When you long press a key to get the options it hides behind the other keys but only on 3rd party text boxes.
lensix ratingfive But there should be more themes
lensixteen ratingthree PLZ make more themes n can u make the key board look like adapt keyboards plz
leneleven ratingthree The keyboard itself is great but the word predictions are atrocious.
lentwentyfive ratingthree Why can't it learn directly from all of my typing, instead of having to via gmail, twitter or Facebook - none of which I have.
lenfour ratingthree Please improve the predictions.
leneighteen ratingfour It's alright I guess but it seems to have a knack for freezing up high end devices
lenfifteen ratingfive But keeps failing to download English language pack update so now I have no autocorrect :(
lenthirtyfour ratingfour I would give it a 5 star as it's perfect but it's annoying that despite being set as my default keyboard I still have to switch to it every time my phone restarts.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo I like the speed it allows me to type but the predictions that automatically insert when I don't notice change my word completely.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo And the most annoying thing of all that hasn't been fixed yet by any update, is the app some how turns off my haptic feed back.
lentwentyfive ratingone There's a bug where the predictive keyboard doesn't always register. You have to come out of the message and go back into it.
lenthirtyfour ratingthree The word prediction is spot on, the different themes look great, but the inability to use swype is annoying, as is the inability to use ALT+backspace to delete an entire line of text.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo Because if a user inputs a VALID word, the program should NOT auto-replace it with anything else, no matter how much more relevant it thinks that is.
leneleven ratingfive Only thing lacking is the ability for handwriting with note 2 spen.
lentwentyfive ratingfour I'd like it more context sensitive (eg: email vs sms, my gf vs my boss,  etc), but not sure if android passes that info.
lenfifteen ratingfour IT FORCES CLOSE WHEN USING ON CHROME, quite randomly, but too often to be acceptable.
lensixteen ratingfour But has an annoying habit of auto correcting correctly spelt shorter words into inappropriate longer ones.
lenfourteen ratingfour this is the best keyboard ever, but it eats quite a lot of memory
lenthirteen ratingthree As I'm typing the cursor jumps to the middle of a sentence.
lensixteen ratingthree It has some great features, but there is a noticeable lag with my GSM Galaxy Nexus.
lenthirtyfive ratingone the whole point of the Samsung Galaxy is the swiping, it differs from every other kind of phone, and this app does not support swiping this app sucks,I wouldn't recommend this to anyone!!!!!!!
lenthirteen ratingone 5 stars when i can disable prediction in favor of more screen real estate.
lensixteen ratingone Was working fine until it said that it is unable to load language packs, including English!
lenseven ratingfour 1. Landscape is always full screen (no option)
lenthirteen ratingfour 2. No option to toggle auto-space after punctuation and selecting predicted/corrected word.
lentwentyfour ratingfour 2. Prediction doesn't show up in a lot of cases where it should - should always pop up unless in a username or password dialog.
lenfifteen ratingfour 4. Speech to text doesn't come up reliably - many times pops up and immediately disappears.
lenfive ratingfour 5.  Sometimes sluggish to open / type.
lennine ratingthree Why there is no Chinese language in this keyboard.
lenseven ratingthree And also pls have more theme color
lentwelve ratingfour Would give 5 stars but it keeps defaulting back to the stock keyboard.
lenthirtyfive ratingthree I would absolutely love it if you guys could make an update that would allow the user to be able to type in a SWYPE style format instead of having to punch letter after letter.
lentwentyseven ratingfour Lately there has been issues where the auto correct won't work and sometimes I'll type but nothing pops up, not until I try like 100 times
lentwentynine ratingfour 1) SwiftKey should learn from sms, Gmail etc automatically without having to go through settings manually. Before I knew this it annoyed me SwiftKey wasn't learning from my sms.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour 2) when you type a word that's not in the dictionary and SwiftKey changes it to something I don't want, when I backspace I should have my originally typed word as an option.
leneight ratingfive I just wish I could download more themes
lentwentyone ratingfive In the configuration screen I set it as my default keyboard but after a while it keeps shifting to another keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive Wish we had a support forum about the product we download.
lennineteen ratingfive Could you add a new theme "RED NEON" just like the blue neon (which is great by the way)....
lenthirteen ratingthree Please add emoji there is alot of free keyboards have the emoji symbols :-$
leneight ratingone Phones keeps hanging and crashing after last update
leneleven ratingthree very nice keyboard but only thing lacking is choice of themes.
leneight ratingthree almost all themes are with closely spaced keys.
leneighteen ratingthree you guys shud add more themes like sony keyboard style or iphone style or stock android jellybean look
lennineteen ratingfour Loving this keyboard so far, would give it 5 stars except that there is no support for Chinese typing yet.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Minor niggles are: Please make apostrophes, colons and semi-colons behave like commas and full stops. ie automatic changing of space position.
leneleven ratingfive Apostrophes could be dealt with better too with respect to prompting.
lentwentyone ratingfour Only problem I ever had was that it often capitalizes words it shouldn't. Like the dutch word "door" or "dank".
lenseventeen ratingfour Perhaps implement swipe that works as well as Google's implementation and I'll try it again?
lentwentyone ratingfive My only gripe is that it doesn't have more black themed keyboard for us AMOLED screen users (to save power!).
leneight ratingfive The Neon theme is getting a little old...
leneleven ratingfive It crashes every time when I add tags into Tumblr app.
lensix ratingthree I wish it was swype capable
lenten ratingfour Only if there were more options to customize the UI.
lentwenty ratingfour Got no use for smileys, instead I'd like to bind that to open the second page of special characters.
leneight ratingtwo Doesn't learn some words despite multiple entries.
leneleven ratingtwo And now it's failing to show the predictive word bar.
lenfourteen ratingthree Works great except several times everyday I have to set it as my default.
lentwenty ratingone Got annoyed after they teased us with an upcoming swype like feature and haven't heard anything about it since...
lentwenty ratingfive Well would be better if it were a bit more customizable where the user can define the words and shortcuts.
leneighteen ratingfour Would give 5 stars if a personal dictionary is added as well as the option to learn from whatsapp.
lenten ratingfour Since I updated to 4.2, the keyboard has been way slower.
lensix ratingtwo Unable to install after second step.
leneleven ratingone Seriously what's with them having access to everything we type???
lennine ratingfive Would love it if it had more symbols though :)
lentwenty ratingthree Not the first time the bloody thing outdates all language packs with no warning when I have no network access.
lenten ratingfour The only thing it's missing is more character options!!
lenthirteen ratingfive Awesome keyboard but hopefully there will be han yin pinyin support real soon
lenthirtysix ratingfour It's an amazing keyboard except that if you misspell a word and it underlines it, and you select the proper word it doesn't actually change it. It just puts the cursor at that location.
lentwentynine ratingfour This is a great app even if now there is the new android 4.2 but to get 5 stars it HAS to have SWIPE like in the new version of android!!!!!
lenfifteen ratingfive I only wish there was an option to disable the instant space after a punctuation.
lentwenty ratingfive I constantly hit the space bar after inserting a period which adds a word that I didn't want there.
leneight ratingthree On jellybean now on note 2. Really buggy now.
lensixteen ratingthree Very slow to backspace through words and randomly won't display autocorrect suggestions or correct anything.
lentwelve ratingthree Have to close keyboard and reopen to get suggestions way too often.
lenthirteen ratingone Has been brilliant but something has caused the language packs not to download!
leneight ratingfour But on my Thunderbolt multi touch has issues.
lenfifteen ratingfive It's a very good application but it support traditional Chinese language will be perfect.
lensixteen ratingfive One thing though, it always corrects "texting" to "testing" is texting not a word or something?
lenseven ratingfive A few more themes would be nice.
lenfifteen ratingfive Only thing missing is a clipboard but other than that it fires on all cylinders
lentwenty ratingfive My only complaint is that every time I restart the phone, it goes back to the default factory Samsung keyboard.
lentwentythree ratingone Everytime I turn my phone off or restart it it goes back to default keyboard and I have to keep activating this one...
lentwentythree ratingone Can't turn off the auto inserted space after a period or question mark. All my messages now have extra spaces after them.
lenseventeen ratingthree Love this keyboard, but every time I turn the handset off and on it loses default settings.
lentwenty ratingfive Only one problem is that I don't always get the word select option in some apps such as Firefox.
lenfiftyone ratingthree It's the best keyboard I have used by far, and I love the themes (but maybe a couple more? Or a way to make our own?) but it has issues with certain words like page, which it often automatically capitalizes or it will change "love" to "live" (or something similar).
lensixteen ratingthree Edit: Half the time, dragging for punctuation deletes the word I'm typing since JB update.
lentwentyfour ratingthree Some of the layout designs annoy me and it takes a long-press to activate voice typing which is frustrating when in a hurry.
lensix ratingone Worked a couple times before crashing.
lentwenty ratingone Now can't get beyond choosing English language download due to 'network error', no matter how good my connection is.
lensixteen ratingone The auto space after a full-stop is ridiculous. Allow the option to turn it off.
lenten ratingthree Trying to type a username and the autocorrect changes it.
lennineteen ratingfour Good app but ever since my phone updated to jelly bean today, the keyboard has been a little laggy.
lentwentynine ratingfour And the hepatic feedback feels different than it did before. Even at 2ms I can feel it way more than I could before when it was at 7ms, which is inconvenient.
lenfifteen ratingfive And what's with not being able to put arrow keys on the tablet version?
lensixteen ratingfive I'd really like to see a winter/Christmas theme like they havr for Halloween though.
lentwentyone ratingfour Also doesnt have a feature to minimize the keyboard. I could not access a certain app one time because of this.
lenthirtysix ratingone so when I am typing a text, the auto correct lags behind then inserts the mistake repeatedly back to back. not only that, but by the time it catches up, it has already sent the message.
lensixteen ratingone additionally, in the chrome browser the keyboard won't let me type in the appropriate space.
lennine ratingfour I find myself constantly switching between LastPass & SwiftKey Keyboards. :-\
lenseventeen ratingfour Although it kinda Sucks how I had to pay for multiple Downloads for each of my devices.
lenthirteen ratingthree i like everything about this app with 1 (very significant) exception.no swipe feature.
lentwentythree ratingthree i am super-dependent on using swipe to enter words, so without that, there's no real point in me having this app.
lenfifteen ratingtwo It won't autocorrect my misspellings when set to inert a period with double space.
leneighteen ratingtwo when set to insert a prediction, will insert a random word whenever I use punctuation and then space.
lenten ratingfive the only problem i have is the themes, needs more.
lennine ratingfive The only issue I have is lack of themes.
lenfour ratingfive Also, no Japanese support!? ...
lenfive ratingone Can't change profile picture.
lentwentyfive ratingfour Doesnt seem to be working everytime i go on it, it says it cant update anything so stuck with statuses from november saved on there!
lenfour ratingone Take forever to upload ....
leneight ratingone Painfully slow when it does decide to work.
leneleven ratingone I continually experience freezing, black screens, my phone gets locked up...
leneleven ratingthree Nice update but Can't upload pics from Samsung galaxy note 2.
lenseventeen ratingthree Is anyone else having problems seeing pictures on your wall or news feed? Non of them load.
lentwentyone ratingone I like the upgrade to it but HATE the fact that you cant erase your comments or others anymore thru phone.
lenthirteen ratingthree I really liked that I could delete comments by swiping left to right.
lensix ratingone Been getting a black screen lately...
lennine ratingthree Also freezes a lot and keeps saying network error.
leneighteen ratingone Will not load, and even when it does it force closes and freezes my phone, I uninstalled it!!!
lentwentytwo ratingthree It's only been happening recently, but none of the images appear and I get that 'cannot retrieve at this time' message.
lennine ratingone it stops working after my android os is upgraded....
lenthirty ratingone You took away the ability to choose albums, if a pic has more than 2 or 3 words in the description you can't read it anymore due to the popup feature.
lenfifteen ratingone You can't get to a person's profile through the pic unless they comment.
lenfourteen ratingone You can't get out of the pic without clicking back a dozen times.
lentwo ratingone Forces closed.
lenfour ratingone Notifications are falling apart.
lennine ratingthree This app works really slow after its last update.
lenfourteen ratingthree Also, everytime I view a photo, the app stops working and then force closes.
lentwentyfour ratingone I can't see pictures in my new feed and most of the time they don't load even when I click on them...
lennine ratingone seeing old status updates, although set to most recent.
lennineteen ratingone how stupid why cant i share pages or delete or edit conments this is a horrible app on optimus L9
lenfive ratingfour 1) Ability to unfollow a post.
lenthirtyseven ratingfour For example, when someone comments on a post, FB will blink blue the LED on the phone, and give a notification at the website. If I clear the notification at the website, the LED will still blink.
lensix ratingone No comments and likes are refreshing.
leneleven ratingone Have to click to comment to see the comments and likes.
leneleven ratingthree Since ive put the update in its not posting status's
lenthree ratingone Cant view anythin!!
leneight ratingtwo It's not letting me post my status...
lenfifteen ratingone Try to make a faster and lite version which consumes less battery, RAM and cpu !!!!
lenseventeen ratingone When will you fix tired of it no connection tion and freezes all the time stops responding
lentwentythree ratingfour My only complaint right now would be an issue that I noticed time ago but never took the time to provide my feedback.
lenten ratingone Always says no internet connection wen i have full service.
lenfourteen ratingone I have to clear cache/data and logoff and login to update news feed.
leneight ratingone My qwerty has glitches when typing comments/posts.
lennineteen ratingtwo I was so pleased with the update about a month ago until it started freezing and losing network connection!
lenfive ratingone Can't post from phone.
lenfive ratingone You cant delete posts either ???
lentwentyseven ratingone when I "like" someone's picture or status, it won't let me like it, I have to press several times to be able to "like" something.
lentwentyeight ratingone It almost never loads properly, usually losses the network connection, and worst of all, it has somehow managed to screw up the data connections for my other programs.
lentwo ratingone Network error?...
lenthirteen ratingone Hate the fact I can't swipe and delete comments please fix this
lenthirteen ratingtwo It won't let us change our cover photo for a new pic.
lenthree ratingone Force closes constantly!
leneighteen ratingone Won't upload my status, can't change my profile picture and it shows me network errors constantly.
lennine ratingone Won't even get into how slow it runs.
lennine ratingtwo Why can't I change my cover photo anymore????
lensix ratingone It wont load photos, profiles, comments.
lenseven ratingtwo It is laggy, even on a Nexus 4.
lentwelve ratingone Neither my own nor posts to other's status work any more.
leneleven ratingone It is just too easy to post errors from a phone.
lennine ratingone When you do bring it back, include edit also.
leneight ratingone Fix the black box that always says "foreclose!"
lenfour ratingone Can't post statuses.
lenseventeen ratingtwo I am not getting my notifications,n this is a brand nu samsung admire from metro pcs
lentwentyfive ratingone Don't show have the pics can't see who is on chat and can't share some can now can't get on Facebook
lentwelve ratingfour I can't change my cover photo on my profile no more.
lenseventeen ratingone After the last update I'm getting a constant network error and photo comments are not loading
leneight ratingone It doesn't update properly and crash often.
lennine ratingone This new version takes waaaaay too much internal MB.
lenthree ratingone Slow to respond.
lensix ratingone crashes an takes ages to update
lenfifteen ratingone It was working great now it force closes every time I try to open it!!!!!
lenten ratingone I look at a loading screen more than anything else.
lentwentytwo ratingone The amount of likes somebody gets on a status update as I scroll down my news feed aren't up to date.
lenthirteen ratingone Slow, problems with slow laggy updates and failure to view photos,at times.
lentwelve ratingone I can't post comments or photos And photos doesn't load.
lenthree ratingone Especially posting picture.
lentwo ratingone Constant crashing.
lenthree ratingone Network connection issues ....
lentwo ratingone Network Error?
lenfour ratingfour slow but nice options :-):-):-):-):-)
lensix ratingone The news feed shown is old...
lennine ratingone cant even like an album from the news feed...
lennineteen ratingthree Facebook forces all the things you hate and disabled on the PC to reappear in this still-flaky app.
lenseventeen ratingthree The most famous Facebook stupidity of non-editable posts becomes glaringly obvious when using a touch-screen.
leneight ratingone Network errors, painfully slow loading on a 4G connection.
lenthirteen ratingtwo Also I can't delete unwanted comments off of my timeline like before.
lenfourteen ratingone Keeps crashing, ughhh come out with something that works for the love of God!
lennineteen ratingthree Hate how long it takes to load, and then get network errors when I am connected to my wifi...
lennine ratingone Plus it's extremely slow to load new feeds.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree And also relised there was a lot missing on the app like can't delete comments you make or other people make on your things and you can't edit comments etc.
lensix ratingone Cant copy abd paste from posts.
lensix ratingone Cant delete pists on my phone.
lenten ratingone I can not post a status update or share anything!
leneleven ratingone And when will the black screen when viewing images be fixed?
lenfive ratingone The app is extremely slow.
lensix ratingone New notifications are not updated immediately..
leneight ratingone Uninstsllimg updates and rootuninstalling doubled battery life overnight.
leneleven ratingone For the DROID X Freezes and force closes all the time!
leneighteen ratingthree It starts to download then when it goes to actually install I get a message saying invalid package.
lenfive ratingthree Slow, takes forever to load.
lennine ratingone News feed is jacked up, won't stay current.
lenthirteen ratingone Using my cnm tablet, its terrible it always force closes as always laggy.
lensix ratingtwo No longer receive pokes in notifications
lentwentyfive ratingtwo Since last update I haven't been able to see any pictures unless I click on them or go to the browser and its slow.
lenthirteen ratingone This is bullshit, the homepage wont even load it just say connection error.
lennine ratingfour Unable to download it showing error no 497 any solution
lenthirteen ratingtwo Taken off another star as I can't change my cover photo anymore.
leneleven ratingtwo And when I "like" a status it doesn't save it.
lentwentynine ratingthree Although my settings are set to new stories first, they are never in the correct time order until I go into settings and click on new stories first again
leneighteen ratingthree Overall, its a good app, but i have found that it keeps force closing, or just black screens ):
leneight ratingone Noy working this app in my device, why?
lenfourteen ratingone Everything takes ages to update and recent stories list is all over the place.
lenthirteen ratingtwo Will Not load or allow me to do anything on it please fix
lenten ratingone Takes forever to load the contents even with WiFi connection.
lennine ratingone And the App can NOT be uninstalled nor stopped.
lennineteen ratingtwo Please bring the little camera symbol back in the right bottom corner so I can update my timeline picture.
lenseventeen ratingone Can't even delete comments on it and you can't see my actions on my profile
lenten ratingone It closes all the time  and will not load pictures.
lenseven ratingfour dislike because of such a slow speed
lenseven ratingone Can't load anything on my phone.
lennine ratingone It just keep on showing the network error sign
lentwo ratingone Slow loading.
lensix ratingfour I can't post status why?
lenthree ratingone Cant delete post.
lenseven ratingone Slow, force close, pictures don't load
lenfive ratingone It freezes and never loads.
leneleven ratingone The amount of times it just wont load, even on wifi...
lennineteen ratingone Please sort facebook i have a Samsung cant do anything with the app sits buffering for hours loading nothing.
leneight ratingone Such as error uploading pics or viewing photos
lenfifteen ratingone I used to check in often but with this latest release it's simply impossible.
lennineteen ratingfour I'm not having super lags like everyone else, but I'd appreciate a tablet ui for tablet users.
lenfive ratingone 4. Shuts my phone down randomly.
lenfourteen ratingone And after about 2 minutes anytime I like something it unlikes it and restarts itself.
lenthirteen ratingone This Facebook app keeps Force closing for no reason it's Absolutely Appalling.
lenthree ratingone Slow as hell
lenfifteen ratingone Also, I love how it freezes up my phone all the time (sarcasm there, too).
lentwenty ratingone Facebook is one of the most popular social networking sites but the app has always lagged way behind other apps.
leneighteen ratingone Half the time the app doesn't load or it says no network coverage but coverage is fine.
lenfifteen ratingone I need to press the back button like 8 times to get out of a picture.
lentwentysix ratingtwo This update is good but speed not so good and can't change cover photo also not able to delete our own comments from any pic
lentwelve ratingone GIVE US THE OPTION TO SAVE IMAGES THAT OTHER PAGES/PEOPLE SHARE!
lenfive ratingone Photos are not displaying correctly.
lentwentyeight ratingone When I put on my preferences the I want the recent stories not the top stories it doessnt take it and it always take the top stories ugghh!
lensixteen ratingtwo Glad I'm not the only one with the picture issue and the comments not deleting!!
lentwentyone ratingone When ever there's a picture I'm trying to see it never loads even on messenger please fix this problem
lenthree ratingone Cant upload pics %>_<%
lennine ratingone Every few mins I get the force close crap !!!
lentwenty ratingone But now my photos don't load, it doesn't update unless I do it and it freezes my phone..
leneleven ratingtwo Cant see photos in feed or messages, constant lag/not responding.
lenfourteen ratingtwo Seriously guys any way to make this file smaller takes up so much memory!!!!
leneight ratingone How to change profile photo using this app?
lensix ratingtwo Takes WAY too much internal memory.
leneleven ratingone I'm getting a network error every time i click post!
leneighteen ratingone Its very time consuming with you just spent a few minutes typing and your comment or status disappeares!
leneleven ratingfour App stops responding when I choose to upload pic on page!
lennineteen ratingone Only giving one star because before the update I couldn't see comments on photos but now I can.
lenthirtynine ratingfour First things first this app deserves a four don't complain about it not loading picture on your news feed and if you have a problem get off your lazy a$s and do it on fuck1n computer your welcome
lenfourteen ratingone I used the app once and it used 15% of my battery for the day.
lentwentyone ratingone Horrible, you guys finally got it working then again you guys update it and it cant even load statuses nor pictures >:(
lenfourteen ratingone Dont work most of the time and very limited on what you can do..
lentwentysix ratingone Why is all of a sudden i can't change my cover photo and it keeps telling me no connection or it takes forever to load.
leneleven ratingone I cant play facebook connect games unless i m on 3/4G network.
lenten ratingone now they took the ability to delete a comment away.
lenfive ratingtwo It freezes twice a day
lenten ratingone Won't work or refresh at all after last update -
lenthirteen ratingone Can't see pictures, can't update profile, the original was much better.
lennine ratingtwo Bring the Edit and Swipe to delete thing back......
lenfifteen ratingtwo Network error, loading speed got slow, some pictures dont show up and other bug issues...
lenten ratingone Also says error when trying to comment or update status.
lenten ratingtwo Seriously annoying with constant network errors and lengthy load times.
lenfive ratingthree It won't even load!
lenfour ratingone Takes forever to load....
lenthirteen ratingone its a no no id u just wana check ya status n go..
lenfour ratingone Many lag on screen....
lenthirteen ratingone Buggy, won't load, especially since there really are not too many features.
leneleven ratingone it sustains so much memory very poor older ws more betr
lentwentyone ratingone Also, if I select a notification to view, said notification won't load. It just locks up in a waiting cycle.
lenthree ratingone Constantly force closes.
lentwelve ratingone It wastes battery at night when charging and not even in use!
leneleven ratingone Constant "network error" messages when I have a great wifi connection.
lenseven ratingone Can't post comments or like anything...
lentwelve ratingone Freezes my phone and doesn't allow me to change my cover
lentwentyfive ratingtwo There is no option to change ur cover photo, photos don't show up in the newsfeed without clicking on them, and its really slow.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo Also, seems to be building up way faster in MB and is killing my battery considerable if I don't clear the cache everyday.
lenthree ratingone Very slow & crashes.
lenseventeen ratingthree When I enter a picture, it takes 5 or 6 goes of the back button to leave the picture.
lentwo ratingone Freezes constantly.
lenthirtysix ratingthree Love being able to keep in touch with friends and family, but could be much better if we could actually communicate without having an "error" screen pop up, not allowing you to leave comments or updates.
lenten ratingone I cant upload my pictures or posts half the time..
lenthirteen ratingone and now the pix of mine and my friends won't even load...
leneight ratingone I cant able to change a cover photo
lenthirty ratingthree I like this app but when I view pictures and once I go back the pic doesn't go away until I've hit the back button a few times...
lentwenty ratingfour To all the other reviewers, the app will only work right if you clear up some memory on your device!
lensix ratingone I cant change my cover photo!!
lennine ratingone It won't let you like, post, or message.
lentwelve ratingone The update has resulted in me being unable to post status updates.
lensix ratingthree freezes everytime i open a pic .....
lenfortyone ratingthree This is a good app but I needs the feature to be able to move to the SD card because my phone only has a limited amount of room and 20+ mb hurts please add the feature to move to SD card.
lennineteen ratingone If I get a facebook notification and click it, facebook app opens and sits there on the load screen.
lenfive ratingone Freezes and doesn't refresh.
lenfive ratingone Photos don't load right.
lenfifteen ratingone I can only see few posts on my newsfeed then it won't load anymore.
lenfifteen ratingone Posts I remove or pictures I remove are still on my newsfeed are there permanently.
leneight ratingone Still takes forever to load if at all.
lenseven ratingfour Doesnt work for changing the cover photos....
lentwelve ratingone There is no time line cover photo botton to change your cover -.-
lensix ratingfour no option for update cover photo
lenfour ratingone constantly stops and pauses.
lentwentyseven ratingthree The first attempt at uploading photos always freezes, and the only way to get rid of it from the drop down menu is to restart the phone
leneight ratingtwo Then I get network errors every other day!
lenfive ratingfour Cover photo cannot be changed.
lenten ratingone IT FREEZES, it keeps trying to connect to the server.
leneighteen ratingthree Frustrating how it shows I'm in another city/town when I post not where I actually am.
lennine ratingfour It still doesn't sync high quality contact photos.
lenten ratingfour It shows persons name but not photo or profile picture.
lenseventeen ratingtwo I have a Samsung Infuse and this app is the only one that freezes up or crashes.
lennine ratingone Takes up way too much of my phone storage!
leneleven ratingone And as I scroll down, it doesn't load more storys.
lenfive ratingfour Please add "copy" and "paste"
leneight ratingone This app doesn't even install the update...
lentwentyeight ratingfour cant change my cover pic still need a way to share events and also a way to download pics the way u can on friendcaster would be nice
lentwelve ratingone Massive app,  half time doesn't load properly even when on wifi.
lenfour ratingone Needs some serious liposuction!
lenfive ratingthree Else, the reliability is spotty.
lenseventeen ratingtwo But since its updated I can't view any photos or see them in my news feed.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo New update keeps force closing and i cant even get to the news feed it goes blue then black and bak to my home page fix this!
lenseven ratingone Please make option move to sd card ...
lentwelve ratingone Im Continuesly pestered with requests to search my phone book for friends.
lentwentyeight ratingone For the love of everything that's called technology, make your app smaller cause I can't afford 30Mb of my internal memory to be used by the app.
lenthree ratingtwo Slow loading everything.
lentwelve ratingone Since da f last update is crashin, force closes, slow loading content!
lentwelve ratingfour Since the last update everytime i open a picture the application crashes!
lenfifteen ratingthree Update before last my pics stopped showing in my news feed on my samsung galaxy !
lentwelve ratingtwo Has been force closing a lot recently, not loading pictures or comments...
lenten ratingfour But haven't been able to upload photos for days.
lenfive ratingfour Says remote computer is offline.
lenseventeen ratingone It freezes a lot it doesnt load it keeps on saying "no internet connection " and basicly sucks .
lenseven ratingthree Pl ad the setting of changing languages.
lennine ratingfour Gud but after update it taking so much space
leneighteen ratingone I hate that I have to relaunch the app because it crashes on me after those ten minutes..
lenten ratingtwo Please optimize to reduce ram usage. May use up to 70mb.
leneleven ratingone Every time I open BookFace it takes forever then it crashes.
lentwo ratingone Super slow.
leneight ratingtwo I updated today and fb no longer works!!
lenten ratingthree It keep blocking me to see old steam and post
lenten ratingone getting tired of jumping thru hoops to get to fb.
lenseven ratingtwo Keeps saying network error or no connection.
lennine ratingone But the screen seems to be a little jumpy.
leneight ratingone It freezes my phone and it runs slow!
lenthirteen ratingone Can't see any pics, profile pics, wall posts pics, etc. Please fix!
lenthirtyone ratingtwo When I'm commenting (right in the middle of me typing!) The screen scrolls to the top of the page. Everytime! and not just once, but several times in one comment.
lenfive ratingtwo apps keep showing network error.
lenseven ratingone Why I can't delete the comment? :|
lennineteen ratingone Why doesn't this work plz fix i can't play game cause i can't connect to Facebook
lentwentythree ratingone If FB didn't need internet to work, it would be great but since it has to have internet the app is junk.
lenfourteen ratingone Now pictures won't load on my newsfeed and I continuously get "network error".
lenfive ratingone Pls fix the back button.
lennine ratingtwo and then that network error thg jst kills me
lenseven ratingone Network errors on galaxy s3 with jelly bean.
lenfourteen ratingfour We have to use pc or browser everytime to download photos of our dearones .
lenfifteen ratingone Even with wofi connevtikns, the app freezes and hangs alot when i click on pictures.
lenfive ratingone Comments don't show up.
lenthirtyone ratingone Struggles to load everything & just endlessly spins, newsfeed, comments, who likes,etc. notifications on things I want to follow stop on their own & never let me know someone liked or commented.
leneighteen ratingtwo i cant post anything for the pass couple of days. i reinstalled and still face the same problem
lentwentyfour ratingfour After New update, I can't seem to go back wherever I press back button after enlarging a photo. Have to press multiple time.
lenthree ratingone stays loading forever
lenfifteen ratingone Could ya tell me why my phone keep cut off when I be on Facebook
lenfifteen ratingtwo takes a lot to of time for pictures to come under and the sometimes freezes.
lennine ratingone Mainly because the page doesn't load at all.
lenseven ratingone I can't even update my status.
lenfour ratingone Why have auto update!
lensix ratingthree Longer loading times but more advanced
lensix ratingone Horrible update everything freezes not happy.
lenfive ratingone Very very slow to update.
lensix ratingone My FB won't even load.
lentwentyone ratingone Everytime I log into FB all of my pictures and friends posts and faces are completely grey and won't load.
leneight ratingone I can't post any comments or posts.
leneleven ratingthree Works good on 3g or wifi but slows down very much on 2g.
lenseven ratingtwo Can not update status using this app.
lenthirteen ratingtwo Never wants to refresh, have to keep closing app and opening back up.
lentwentyone ratingone My daughter has a version that only takes a third if the memory but can't locate it in app store.
lenseventeen ratingone Only can find fb msgr but does not give news feed or profile access like hers does!
leneleven ratingone Long time no update,doesn't work or work very slow
lenseven ratingtwo Screen scrolls itself as new posts appear .
leneighteen ratingone Whn it says u comment u go to look and make sure it posted and its not there!
lenfive ratingone Cant change my profile picture.
leneighteen ratingtwo Now it is slow,reboots me for no reason,force closes all the time,&always saying network error.
lenthirtyone ratingone Network error, photos won't upload, i can't delete comments, the news feed shows just what it wants, force close (it never happen' to me before with the other versions).
lentwentyone ratingone And when I leave comments and i press my thumbs at the any empty spaces, than the comments are completely gone!!
lenthree ratingtwo Issues viewing photos.
lentwo ratingtwo Random shutdown.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo can't log in for two days idk whats the problem but it needs to be fixed asap for me to rate anything near 5 stars
lenfive ratingfour Just noting my own wall.
lenfifteen ratingtwo Even the notifications don't update as often even thought it is set to 30min refreshing.
lenfour ratingone News feed wont load.
lenthree ratingone Cant update status.
lenfour ratingone Picture dont show up.
leneighteen ratingone Add the "near city, state" to the status and make it where we can change the cover picture.
lenten ratingtwo I can't delete comments with this f**king update.
lenseventeen ratingtwo The content I am getting is older than the content that displayed just a few hours ago.
lenten ratingthree It only shows notification from one or two people only.
lentwelve ratingfour It works OK but sometimes laags and hangs but OK its usable.
lentwentyone ratingone Does anyone know how i can get a better update of facebook for my android, this one is horrible,keep stopping !
lensixtyseven ratingone Force close alot, Super slow, Can't change cover pics, Can't delete or edit comments, Doesn't give you the choice to view most resent (which is aggravating reading the same post from the day before) and for those of us who doesn't have a whole lot of memory left on our Phone being able to save onto our SD CARD would be greatly appreciated!
lenfourteen ratingone Now, I can't even log in with this sorry excuse for an app.
leneleven ratingfour they use lot of phone memory for my mobile i.e 14mb
lentwentyeight ratingtwo force closes like every 15 mins; ca t change the cover pic, cant delete comments, photo loading takes forever, timeline/wall & message updates are random.sometimes posting old first!
lenseven ratingone Will not log in forecloses every time!
leneleven ratingtwo Please make it available to be download it on SD card
lensixteen ratingone Its amazing that after that many years,  photos on Facebook almost always hangs up on loading.
lensix ratingone The update occupied to much space.
leneight ratingthree Doesn't let me change cover photo , & freezes .
lenfour ratingfour Working slow HTC inspire 4g
lenseven ratingthree It keeps telling me log in failed.
lenfour ratingone Cannot connect using wifi!!
leneleven ratingone I have to disconnect for facebook and reconnect for everything else!
lentwelve ratingone The app takes ages to load else doesn't load at all.
lenthirteen ratingone Notifications for messages still pop up when turned off, it forgets the settings.
lensixteen ratingone I can't see any pics on facebook since this last upgrade and its runs slow.
lenfiftyfive ratingone This is the worst update for Facebook for the samsung galaxy 2 phone nothing works it freezes up always says it has a network error I switch to the fastest Facebook app which actually works somewhat at least you can post a status  and look things up during very many setting options fix this app ASAP
lenseventeen ratingthree Was tolerable on mobile phone but tablet UI sucks its as if they just stretched everything out.
lenfourteen ratingone Now pictures never upload and when i tried reinstalling the app the issue continued.
leneleven ratingtwo Since the upgrade it wont let me post comments or statuses.
lenthree ratingone newsfeed wong refresh!
lennineteen ratingone I also won't get a notification about receiving a message until 20 minutes after the person has sent it.
lentwo ratingthree Slow function.
lenseven ratingfour 1/18/13::Edit:: Photos aren't loading at all.
leneight ratingone After downloading "PACKET DATA UNAVAILABLE" error is displayed.
lentwenty ratingone I can't access any groups, il getting message notifications to find out that its not a message but comments.
lentwentyfour ratingone I can post a status and the next time I go to post a status or a picture the old status shows up again.
leneleven ratingone Had new updates and got more problems keeps reloading loads slow.
lentwenty ratingtwo Every since I updated to the new version I continuously get network errors or the page just won't load.
lentwelve ratingfour Its good but it takes to long to refresh and to download
lentwenty ratingone Also, would be nice to have pictures load like they used to instead of very slowly or not at all.
lentwentytwo ratingone I can't get on, it won't let me add pics, won't refresh for news feeds, tells me network error.
lentwenty ratingone Too many crashing issue, everytime when i use it i have to tallrate the crash issue 5 to 6 times in 5 minutes
lentwelve ratingone It freezes all the time and kicks me out all the time.
lenfourteen ratingthree Very slow to update and I get the cannot retrieve notifications SSL handshake error
leneighteen ratingthree Comment glitch has been fixed,  but now photos and link thumbnails are not downloading in the Newsfeed view.
leneighteen ratingone Doesn't receive message notifications and uses WAY too much RAM to say it's not even working.
lentwelve ratingone Needs a lot of bug fixes although it freezes a lot on s3
lenfourteen ratingone I haven't been able to update my status for the last three updates.
lenfive ratingthree Goes d same for notification.
lenten ratingone And posts your status updates when it feels like it.
leneleven ratingone When I try to connect it shows processing all the times.
lentwelve ratingfour Im done reading tweets in twitter but facebook still loads the images.
lennine ratingthree It has no option to update my cover photo!
lenseven ratingone where is the change cover pic feature.
lenfive ratingone Cant change my cover pic.
lenfourteen ratingone I swear if i see network error or freakn FORCE CLOSE AGAIN IMA SCREAM!!!!
leneleven ratingone i canot post a new status righ now..wtf is this...
lenseven ratingtwo Can't view pictures on the timeline!
lenfive ratingtwo Won't Process my Likes.
lenthirteen ratingtwo I click Like and the page scrolls on it's own immediately after.
lenfour ratingfour Takes forever to load.
leneighteen ratingone Ever since i updated i cant see any pictures its making me mad hopefuly itll worj now reinstalling
lensixteen ratingone I have to go on then quit then go back on and then my notifications show...
lensixteen ratingone I try to view comments and statuses but a black bar pops up saying "network error".
lenseven ratingone 'Network error' appears everytime since the update.
lenfourteen ratingone I click on Facebook and it just loads, and loads... and loads some more.
lenfive ratingtwo I also cant poke people.
lensix ratingone Force closes, takes forever to load..
lentwentytwo ratingone This app requires most of the energy from my battery on the nexus 4, sorry guys but it is not worth it -> uninstalled!
lentwentythree ratingone It'd be nice if I could actually update my status, check in some where, or like something and it actually do it!
lenten ratingfour Not good apps for android it is bring network error
lenfour ratingone Messages refuse to load.
lentwentyfive ratingone The app says it can write to an SD card, but it doesn't. The way it is now, it is NOT worth the space.
lenthirteen ratingthree I get network errors and I have to reload the program to correct.
leneighteen ratingtwo Need back the old feature of deleting comments also can't seem to post status updates most times...
lenthirty ratingthree It will work for some and then either bring up a blank page or the picture is out of focus with a timer going as if its getting the data.
leneight ratingone App will go for hour and not update.
lenfour ratingtwo Pictures don't upload
lenfive ratingone Force closes all the time...
lenseven ratingone I can't update my status anymore.
lenfifteen ratingone Many of my games can't progress until I connect to facebook really peeved off!!!!!!!
lenfourteen ratingfour The new instant uploading features is my favorite new feature but it uploads everything.
lenthirtythree ratingone Like that when you search for a new friend by name,  you can hit back and it takes you back to the previous list and doesn't make you start your search over.
lenthirteen ratingone I am starting having plm status twice all the times since last update.
lenfourteen ratingone Slowest yet, says network error often, regardless of connected or disconnected to Wi-Fi.
lentwentytwo ratingthree Takes up a lot more memory space than it should and most of the time, takes long to refresh the News Feed.
lenthree ratingone always force close!!!
lenseven ratingone hangs up with black screen, so slow..........
lenthirtyseven ratingone Most days pictures don't even load for me or just continues to load when I select anything and I'm sure it has nothing to do with my internet connection coz everything internet related still works!
lenten ratingone After I post a status, I can't see it!
lenseven ratingone Takes hours to update my news feed.
lensixteen ratingone I sometimes write a post and doesn't show on the news feed or my profile.
lentwentysix ratingone I don't know why I even waste my time with it anymore, it foreclose's and freezes my phone, I would say 90% of the time.
leneight ratingfour but tell me how to delete the comments...??
lensix ratingone Way slow n irritating even n s2
leneleven ratingone Trying to update this app but it always shows an error 503.
lentwelve ratingone My HTC HERO loads everything else super fast Facebook not so well
lentwentyone ratingthree Notifications and messages that are sent to me are realy slow, it takes about 2-3 minutes befero they appear on my phone
lenfive ratingone Doesn't show updated notifications.
lenfifteen ratingone The app fails to log in and now I cannot use Facebook on my phone.
lennineteen ratingone Everything i try to click on it tells me link expired or i don't have permission to view.
leneight ratingtwo The app doesn't integrate well with messenger.
leneleven ratingtwo It's slow to load, and notifications don't work properly.
lenseven ratingthree Can we speed the loading up please.
lensix ratingone Sucks ttm, takes forever to load.
lenseventeen ratingone You caused me to lose 20% of my numbers because they don't sync right with low memory.
lentwelve ratingone Bat it usually crashes without any reason and also starts to misbehave
lentwentyfour ratingone I cant get the full site anymore and i cant delete posts or comments if i want to this is terrible ready to uninstall
lensixteen ratingtwo Because everything I post, comments on statuses or pictures, it post my comment up to 30 times.
lenten ratingone So slow to load anything with this app now, terrible!
lenseven ratingone Still won't let me log in
lentwelve ratingtwo Can't remove friends from list and won't upload YouTube videos...
lentwenty ratingtwo Don't like the position of the "Likes/Comment" area. In this update it is right above the "Like" button.
lentwentysix ratingtwo Have hit "Like" many times when I was just trying to see the likes or comments on a status. Need to move it to another area
leneleven ratingfour Only downside is how long it takes to load a pic.
lentwentyfour ratingfour Its a great app love the updates it just it takes up all the space in my phone then my phone start acting up :(
lenfive ratingone Fails to load items properly!
lensix ratingfour Oh and, error 498.the past 3 days.
lenseventeen ratingone Almost every time I launch it, it freezes and I have to uninstall it and reinstall it.
lentwentyeight ratingthree When I close the app for a minute to check a text or do something else - Facebook seems to freeze and gives me a back screen upon returning.
lentwelve ratingthree All I can do to fix it is force close and reopen.
lenseven ratingone It doesn't even load Facebook anymore.
lentwentyeight ratingfour I would have given it 5 stars if all of the pictures would load when you clicked on them and not say "cannot retrieve picture please try again later".
lennineteen ratingfour Love the faster ability to view pics, but comments not loading & keeps saying network error or lost internet connection
lenten ratingthree how do you delete a comment now on a photo???
lenfourteen ratingone Most times I try to use it, it tells me it has no connection.
leneight ratingthree Often hangs and will have to forcr quit...
lennine ratingtwo But the scrolling is too crappy,  please fix up.
lentwentythree ratingfour 1 thing that annoy me is the birthday event dont show the present day. So, it is hard for me to track ppl bd.
lenseven ratingthree Photos will not load while on timeline
lentwentyone ratingfour It is a better app,there us some problems  in it like here no opption to download pics uploaded by others
lensixteen ratingfour This new Update works great but for two thing you can't delete or edited comments
leneleven ratingtwo My newsfeed doesn't always refresh, and it keeps force closing!
lensixteen ratingthree It works ok if you can get It to reload after it says tap to retry.
lentwentythree ratingfour The new version is muh better but when I like status', photos etc. The things are unliked when I go back onto Facebook
lenfive ratingfour How can i remove comments???
lensix ratingone Very slow and lots of glitching
leneleven ratingfour But this app run so slowly even mw Andro has 1 Ghz.
lenthree ratingone slow as turtle
lensix ratingthree It is SO slow and annoying.
leneleven ratingtwo Can't comment, like, or click to see who liked something.
lenten ratingthree Improved alot from HTML5 days but still feels sluggish at times.
lenthirty ratingthree Share function doesn't work, and I get "cannot find a secure connection" error all the time on Wi-Fi, even though everything else works fine, including mobile web version.
lenfour ratingfour Facebook keeps foreclosing alot!
lenten ratingfour Takes millions of minutes to overlook pictures and freezes alot.
lensixteen ratingone It has also given me problems with sharing photos and commenting on other people's posts.
lentwentytwo ratingthree Everytime I post a new status, share a photo, or even post on a friends wall the post is not going through.
lenfour ratingone Cant login gived erroe......
lensix ratingtwo Some time it hang the phone.
lenthree ratingone Always lost connection.
lenfive ratingone Messenger is just too slow...
lenfifteen ratingthree Getting there but takes to long to load pics n load up profiles at times.
lentwelve ratingone Seriously tired of seeing "loading" or "can not find a secure connection"
lenten ratingfour Only prob is it's not showing the birthdays "Today".
leneight ratingone Cannot upload images from my HTC inc s..
lenthirteen ratingone I can update shoes on fone but my fried can't see it.
lenfourteen ratingone I cant look at my notifications even when it says i have new ones.
lennine ratingfour The app is great just freezes in a while :/
lenseven ratingone U CANT EVEN UPDATE UR NEWS FEED!
lenfive ratingone Sometimes will freeze upon loading
lennineteen ratingfour Now since upgrades it won't open, when it will open it won't let me comment or share
lenfifteen ratingone I can't post on friends walls, can't like posts, photos, can't share!!!
lentwentyfive ratingtwo Since recent update Facebook via this app is a hit or miss on being able to load the news feed yet alone updates on comments.
lennine ratingthree Why does my newsfeed not stay at most recent?
lenfifteen ratingone Ever since the last update I get network error problems can't load profiles ect..
lentwelve ratingtwo Everytime I click on a picture it won't let me leave!!!!!!
lenseventeen ratingone As it stands it's crap,constant network errors,pages don't load,the list goes on.
lenfive ratingtwo Also pictures aren't loading!!!
lenfifteen ratingtwo still cannot add photos to albums of the groups on facebook, pls add this function
lensix ratingone How i change my timeline photo???
lensixteen ratingfour Force closes ALOT still and I wish it would give me notifications when someone messages me.
lentwelve ratingone Plagued with network errors and no ability to expand on viewed comments!!!
lenten ratingthree Has trouble updating profile since the last update on Galaxy S3
lenfive ratingone Cant even open the app
lenfourteen ratingone Won't load pictures or my news feed more than half of the time.
lentwentynine ratingone I can Like other people's posts, and comment on them, but can't do anything else unless I switch over to another device or go to my PC.
lenfourteen ratingthree Just crap do not get any notification but slightly better than the last update.
lentwentytwo ratingthree Its force closing a lot of my apps and i cannot log out and it always freezes can you PLEASE fix it -_-
lennine ratingone Takes so much internal memory and data usage too.
lennineteen ratingone New pop up windows do not imptess me when you break the rest of the app to do it.
lentwentythree ratingone My only wish for this app is to one day (ASAP) have it so we can all move it to the SD card.
leneight ratingone Takes far too much space on my phone.
lennineteen ratingone And having an HTC desire phone its already got poor phone memory without having this bugging up my space.
leneleven ratingone Too slow to load, pics won't show, drops connection - unusable.
lennine ratingthree I am unable to update the profile picture directly...
lenseventeen ratingtwo The update on my phone will only let me on fb for a few minutes then  foreclose.
lenfive ratingtwo Its slow and hardly works
leneight ratingtwo Now I get posts from Facebook recommending games.
lenfour ratingone App crashes every 5 minutes
lentwelve ratingone New update now causes pictures to not load and sporadic newsfeed posts.
lenseven ratingone Can't change photos now after update...
leneight ratingfour There should be a share button by now.
lenfour ratingone hardly ever loads everything...
lensix ratingone Network error and kicks me off
leneleven ratingone Can not check in or update status which is highly annoying!!!!!
lentwentytwo ratingone I have been unable to update my status from my phone and unable to post on friends walls ever since the update!
lennine ratingfour It is app but  it work's slow sometime
lentwentyseven ratingtwo But shows your messages and inboxes after like half hour of someone sending them you...Its so frustating have to click on them myself just to check...
lenseven ratingtwo And its slow in the news feed...
lenseventeen ratingone Sometimes i open my messages because it says i have one and its an all blank page.
leneight ratingfour but my memory keep increase when i online.
leneleven ratingtwo It will try to load but return with a network error.
lenthirteen ratingthree What's a fuckin "katana process" that crashes facebook almost every hour now ?!!!
lenseven ratingone It sumtimes says error coonection it sucks
lenfourteen ratingone None of my pictures load and it just says network error all the time
leneighteen ratingone I have to force close multiple times just to do simple things like read comments or load pictures.
lenthree ratingone doesn't load
lenfourteen ratingtwo Really is annoying, coz i cant post whats on my mind at the time!!
lentwentysix ratingone No network connection and error loading story is driving me nuts that I nearly killed ant with my head while banging my head on the table.
lenfour ratingfour Can't quit facebook!
leneleven ratingone Why dose this app never tell me when someone messages me?
lennine ratingthree It doesnt connect sometimes and is slow fix it
lenseven ratingtwo The option to swipe and delete comments.
lentwelve ratingone Back to freezing up, force close, error posting comments, numerous other problems.
lentwelve ratingone You have to go in and out constantly to try to post.
lenfour ratingone TOO MANY ERROR LOADING!!!
lensix ratingone Status's dissapearing & doesnt refresh properly.
leneleven ratingfour Always resets to top stories even if most recent is selected
lenfifteen ratingtwo Wats wrong i am not able to post any comment it just gives me erorr
lenfour ratingone Wont share pictures either.
lenthirteen ratingone And also, since last update it appears this is chewing thru my data.
lenthirteen ratingtwo My pictures won't load on my newsfeed and its making me irritated
lenfifteen ratingfour I wish the new update had the option to save on my large SD card!!
lentwentytwo ratingone So frustrating, pictures don't show up at all keep having to uninstall and reinstall in order to get it to work.
leneleven ratingone Takes forever to load, says no network connection all the time.
lentwenty ratingone In order to get the latest updates on the timeline I will need to actually close and restart the app.
lentwenty ratingone Firstly, at least once a day when I am trying to refresh my news feed it will say 'network error'.
lenten ratingone Doesn't show comments or likes on statuses, wallposts, etc.
leneleven ratingone it's always clicks me out says there is an error..
leneight ratingone Stops working and shuts down all the time.
lenfive ratingfour low speed,no pic download.
lenfourteen ratingone Since last update I keep getting network error and can't update my status.
lenthirteen ratingfour Contact Sync is no longer and option and unable to check page messages
lennineteen ratingtwo The update is always crashing and whenever im in the middle of my chat it lags all the time... :(
lensix ratingthree But Not able to download images
lennine ratingthree Links don't go to app just to browser
lenten ratingone Terrible, can't upload photos anymore or update my status.
lentwentythree ratingthree I hate that you can no longer delete a comment you make on someone's post, or on your own for that matter.
lenfifteen ratingfour I and the one who i sent this code wants to see picture not number.
lenten ratingfour Can't find camera icon to change my cover photo.
lensix ratingone It doesn't work on Desire
lenfive ratingone Cant view an entire Photo.
lenthree ratingone Always force close.
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo Not to mention the fact that it force closes half the time, videos take too long to upload and have yet to add the edit comment tool as in the mobile site.
lenfourteen ratingfour Should implement a way my videos can be seen that are in my album
lentwelve ratingfour i want to exclude some folder to display in select picture page.
