lentwenty ratingthree Facebook worked fine on my phone till this last update now I cant use it at all on my phone.
lennine ratingone As a result, fb stop running many many times.
lenfour ratingone not like the website.
lentwo ratingone Update sucks.
lensix ratingtwo please fix or gonna stop using.
lentwo ratingtwo Inconsistent implementation.
lenfour ratingone This app sucks now
lenseven ratingone please fix these problems its soooo fustrating :/
leneight ratingfour I can just read n like others though.
lenten ratingone Very annoying, I always end up using the mobile app.
lensix ratingone I'm done this app sucks!
lenten ratingone It may be faster but it doesn't always work.
lenfive ratingone My phone is HTC Explorer.
lenfive ratingone Sucks ever since the update!
lenfourteen ratingtwo The last update of facebook has some guds and many bads  at time worst.
leneleven ratingone My friends haven't upgraded theirs n they can do it.
lenthree ratingone Ugh this sucks ..
lenfive ratingone Ugh wish I didnt upgrade.
lensix ratingone I am hating this app lately.
lenthree ratingfour Finger licking good
lenthree ratingfour Uninstalled and reinstalled!
lenfour ratingtwo Facebook went to hell.
leneight ratingfour It is the best app for facebook users...
lenfourteen ratingfour ya it has some bad things but it doesn't effect on its rating...
lenten ratingfour It provides 80% of the functionality of the normal web-site.
lensixteen ratingfour Assuming I just didn't miss the selection in the app, it needs the following functionality:
lensixteen ratingfour GMail will stop blinking on the phone if I clear the email queue at their website.
lenfive ratingtwo Overall, a poorly done app.
lentwelve ratingone How do you continue to make this app worse with every release?
lennine ratingfour This is the best facebook ever on any platform....
lennine ratingtwo This is the most unreliable app on my phone.
lenseven ratingone It just gets worse with every update.
lennine ratingone They need to put some serious work into this
lenfive ratingone this app is completely horrible.
lennine ratingone If theres nothin wrong then dont bother updating it.
lenseven ratingone Yes I have uninstalled/reinstalled twice now.
leneight ratingtwo Way below what I would expect from facebook.
lennine ratingone Previous update worked perfect, this one is the opposite.
lentwelve ratingtwo Most of the time I just use the internet on my phone.
lenthirteen ratingone The developers should be ashamed of themselves for putting out such a disaster!
lensix ratingone does anyone actually work at facebook?!?
lenseven ratingtwo It feels like there's something missing..
lentwentytwo ratingtwo I think with a bit of polishing, it could become better, but it is still no where near as polished as iOS.
lenthree ratingone Soooo inconvenient & annoying!
lenseven ratingone Quicker browser fb directly on internet app.
lenseven ratingone Uninstalled then reinstalled but still can't :(
lensix ratingone So frustrating please sort it out!!!!
lenfour ratingone It's utter bollocks.
lenseven ratingone Wish I hadn't done the update
leneighteen ratingfour I pretty much liked the upgrade i liked the way they changed the comments and notifications way easier.
lenseven ratingone How do I search for page's?
leneleven ratingone Its quicker to access the mobile site than use this app.
lenthree ratingone IT WASNT BROKE...
leneleven ratingone Why is it not yet repaired after so many users complained? !?!?!?
lenseven ratingone I like an older version FIX IT
lenseven ratingone One day works like its supposed to...
lenfive ratingone Wake up devs you fail...
lenfour ratingone Updates from the archives?
lenfive ratingone Are we on Candid Camera?
lenseven ratingone earlier version was way better than this...
lensix ratingone Sticking to the browser mobile site.
lenten ratingone Can do all of the same stuff on it anyway.
lenseven ratingone is this some sort of bussines politics?
lensix ratingthree Being cheap on the servers perhaps.
lentwelve ratingtwo I love using facebook & it's now easier to load a status.
lennine ratingtwo I wouldn't mind if it was working properly......
lenthirteen ratingone Every time this stupid app  trys to update it gets worse and worse.
lentwelve ratingone yet you are unable to get a simple phone app to work?!?
lenfour ratingone From; Your angriest consumer
lenseventeen ratingthree For some reason everything is sudently playing up so had to resault in using the mobile site.
lenfifteen ratingtwo a lot of pipol using this app y not care to fix all the bugs!!!
lenten ratingtwo I'm getting ones I have looked at 2 days previously.
leneight ratingone Wish I could revert back to last version!!!!!!
lenthree ratingone This upgrade sucks..
leneleven ratingone If it's not broke don't try to fix it!
lenfour ratingone I hate this update!
lentwelve ratingone That is a sign of an app that needs to go away.
lennine ratingone Uninstalled updates to see if that would fix it.
lenfive ratingtwo The new format just rocks.
lenfour ratingone Uninstalled and reinstalled twice.
lenthree ratingone Didn't help.
lensixteen ratingthree I use it ALL the time & I would love to update it on my LG OptimisZip.
lenseven ratingone I expect more from a "top developer"!!!!!
lenfour ratingone Wtf worst update ever.
lenfive ratingtwo Getting better all the time.
lenten ratingone It was fine before the update fix it now please!
lenseven ratingfour Starting to see the benefits, very nice.
leneight ratingone Loading in Chrome browser is a lot faster.
lentwo ratingfour Nice app
lennineteen ratingthree Some nice new animations and features are are there, it just needs to be able to do simple tasks.
lenseven ratingone Should have not updated from previous app.
lensix ratingone update is all the problems starting....
lensix ratingone this new update is the worst!
lensix ratingone this doesn't even deserve 1 star....
lenthree ratingfour Loving the improvements...
lentwo ratingone WORST APP.
lenfourteen ratingone I've been waiting way too long 4 them to fix the bugs, pathetic really
lenfour ratingone Since getting this update.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo I can't believe y'all haven't produced a new update to replace the POS version y'all have on Market for Android...
lenthirtyone ratingtwo Do you honestly believe we'll all just sit around waiting for unicorns to come fart some magical unicorn butt glitter into the air then poof FB will FINALLY work properly???
lenfourteen ratingthree I'v tried leaving it for 10/15 mins but it doesn't make a difference.
lentwentythree ratingthree Please sort this out Facebook as everything else on the app is great but at the moment this issue ruins it for me.
lenfive ratingone This app needs totally rewrite.
lensix ratingthree Before the update it worked fine.
lenfour ratingone ill use my browers..
lenfourteen ratingtwo Please fix this problem for HTC one x, since my note2 don have this problem
lenseventeen ratingthree The app works a lot better on my new phone. (it has tons of space on it!)
lenten ratingone Ill stick to just using the internet browser for facebook!!
lenfifteen ratingone Definitely one of the worst, if not the worst app that I've ever used...!
lensix ratingone lots of problems in this app..
lensix ratingone Please fix, then stop updating it.
lenthree ratingone Not happy guys....
lenfour ratingfour Talk to your friends
leneight ratingone The browser version is more up to date.
lensix ratingthree This app is good n useful
lenfour ratingfour Wonder  in the world
leneighteen ratingtwo It has many more options, lets you save pictures, has themes and offers a much better overall experience.
lenthirtyone ratingone Goodbye Facebook for Android,  I'd rather put up with the inconvenience of using my browser for Facebook from now on rather than having to view the rubbish you now display.
lensix ratingfour Nice app to chat with everyone
lenfour ratingfour the latest update sucks:(
lenthree ratingone Getting worse everyday
leneight ratingfour Luv all da new updates much easier 2 use.
lenfifteen ratingtwo I really think more time and effort could be invested in making this app functional.
lenseven ratingone This latest update ruined facebook for android.
lenten ratingone Why take one step forward and then three steps back?
lenfour ratingone Use the mobile site.
lenfive ratingone 2 stars for the pic quality.
leneight ratingone Absolute crap now after the update plz fix
lenthree ratingone Another garbage update.
lenfourteen ratingtwo Consensus is right on fb updates are getting worse much worse rather than better.
leneleven ratingone im getting even more issues with this garbage app facebook devs!
lenseventeen ratingone fix this crap i now run jelly bean on my sgs2 so i shouldn't have one error!
lenseven ratingfour This app works awesome on a smartphone
lenthree ratingone Zero star Instead..
lensixteen ratingone Shame such a poor quality app is released from such a big name time and again.
lennineteen ratingone Facebook needs to stop focussing on ways to line their pockets (sponsoring?), and how to keep their users happy.
lenten ratingone Or else like the way of myspace they will fail.
lenfour ratingone The list goes on.
lenfourteen ratingone I'm forced to use the internet and not the app on my phone.
lenfive ratingtwo Pretty much impossible to use.
lenfour ratingone This app completly sucks..
leneighteen ratingtwo No matter how many updates  are put out, Facebook mobile is still the glitchiest app on my phone.
leneight ratingfour Its really all u want in a app.
lenthree ratingone Still soul sucking
lenfour ratingone Not worth the upgrade.
lensixteen ratingthree The plus side is that we can now look at pics without having to click them.
lenten ratingthree Also the pics pop up immediately now, which is awesome!
leneight ratingthree Running great now after the mid-Dec update!
lenthree ratingone Bunch of crap!
lenthree ratingone Piece of garbage.
lenthirteen ratingone My mom won't get off the phone to pay attention to me
lenthirteen ratingone This download needs to b tweaked more still having problems with this app!
lenseven ratingfour This app is perfect other than that!!
lenfive ratingone That's annoying as hell!
lenfourteen ratingone Updated facebook on my toshiba tablet and now it will not work AT ALL!!
lenten ratingone Its only good if you want to check other posts.
leneleven ratingone Its complete and utter crap Please upgrade or I will uninstall!
leneleven ratingone Why is it with every upgrade the facebook app gets worse?
lenseven ratingthree fix this and overall its a nice 1
lenseventeen ratingthree For now I give it 3 stars when added I will give you back the other 2 stars Deserved.
lenfour ratingthree But iys pretty good
lenseventeen ratingone The app started to get better this past fall but now is back to doing the opposite.
lenseven ratingtwo I'm using a Motorola RAZR 4g phone.
lenfour ratingone Garbage app ignorant creators!!
lensix ratingfour This app is great to use.
lenfive ratingone Fix whatever bug is please~~~~~~~~~~~~
lennine ratingthree Even tho I have 2000 friends, it should still load.
lentwo ratingthree Nice updates.
lenfour ratingone Wish I never updated.
lenfifteen ratingone This app is awful and i can't believe anyone would develop something so crappy.
lenfive ratingone Galaxy Note II on Jellybean..
lenfive ratingone The last update is terrible.
lensix ratingtwo Yeah, all these newer updates suck.
lentwentysix ratingtwo I mean, I'm happy to have fb on my phone regardless, but it never worked this crappy is all I'm trying to get at.
lenfive ratingfour who doesn't love Facebook
lenten ratingone I'll just use the web browser from now on.
lenseven ratingfour It's an app for your phone.
leneleven ratingfour And if its an issue then get rid of your phone.
lenseven ratingfour But it will get better with time.
lenfive ratingone Bout done with facebook apps..
lenfive ratingfour Please try to solve it!
lensix ratingone This is a very bad update.
lentwo ratingfour pretty happy.
leneight ratingfour I have shifted to Facebook app from friendcaster.
leneight ratingone I'm going back to the mobile site!
lenten ratingtwo I have to use the web version from my phone.
lenfive ratingone You guys suck at this.
lenfourteen ratingthree If you have a version that's working on your phone stick with it.
lensix ratingone Sucks I HATE THE NEW UPDATE.
lensix ratingone My mobilw browser is 100 times faster.
lenfourteen ratingone Facebook needs to make this more simple rather load it up with wasted features.
lenfive ratingtwo Hope this gets sorted soon!
lenten ratingtwo With each new update Facebook is getting worse and worse.
lenseven ratingone u charge to talk to Mr vain
lenfourteen ratingone Since your last two updates you have made fb on my phone useless thanks.
lenten ratingthree How about beta testing the next update before releasing it.
lenseven ratingthree Subpar actions for such a large company.
lenfour ratingfour Updated for bugs constantly.
lenfourteen ratingone Fire the devs because apparently they lack the knowledge to make a good product.
lentwelve ratingfour I've always had good luck with the app, but not anymore!
lenfive ratingfour Is intuitive, functional and stable.
lenfive ratingfour And the images open instantly!
lenthree ratingthree Aft repeatedly update..
lenfive ratingthree You guy really to improve!!!?
lenfive ratingone "network error" every couple minutes.
lensix ratingone dont care about seeing other apps.
lentwo ratingone Annoying app
lenthree ratingone 12-13-12 update was great!
lenfour ratingone Love the new look.
lenseven ratingone Tired of waiting on this BS tiktok
lentwo ratingone Horrible update.
lensix ratingone Needs A LOT of serious work!!
lensix ratingtwo Please help me out, so frustrating!
lensix ratingtwo do Not update to this version.
lenfive ratingone This is the waste update .
lenfourteen ratingone The older version is working good and it is speeder than this new version .
lensix ratingone Get your ****ing act together guys!!"
lenfive ratingone It won't work ahh
lenten ratingtwo Can you people at fb ever just do anything right?
lenfour ratingtwo People, DO NOT UPDATE!
lensix ratingone the old version was way better
leneight ratingone The first time I updated it ruined everything!
lentwentyseven ratingone I update every time only in hopes one finally works and puts me back to the old version but I say never update if you havent yet.
lensix ratingfour Works fine just like it says
lenseven ratingfour Good fr conecting to many many frnds.
lentwo ratingone Super annoying!
lenfive ratingone I hate this new update!
lenseven ratingone I've uninstalled and reinstalled several times!
leneight ratingone Whatever you did please change it back, NOW!!
lensix ratingone Not reinstalling again until somethings fixed!
lenthree ratingone This app SUCKS!
leneight ratingone You update the app and make it worse.
lenfive ratingfour This is excellent my friend
lenten ratingone Before the last updated is better than the last one.
leneight ratingone Pretty please a better update faster as possible.
lenfourteen ratingtwo This is terrible for the last few days Facebook has been acting extra terrible .
lentwo ratingone Utter shite.
lennine ratingone Testing of updates needs improving before software is released.
lenfour ratingone Worst app in market.
lentwo ratingfour Useful apps
lensix ratingtwo Regardless though gotta hv my fb.
lensix ratingfour Very usefull and fast FB browser . :-)
lenseven ratingthree Nice app but needs to be updated
lentwelve ratingone stays updated, faster loading, pics dont freeze & they LISTEN TO THEIR USERS.
lentwo ratingone Simply crap.
lenfive ratingtwo The app is ok otherwise .
lenfour ratingtwo Fix and ill reinstall.
lenseven ratingone It's the worst won't run
lentwo ratingone bad version.
lenfive ratingtwo After installation it becom 30mb+ size .
lensix ratingthree So better try to fix this:-(
lenseven ratingone Pls give me the old version back.
leneight ratingfour This update is very good about other update
leneight ratingthree Timeline is so  great love the new app
lenthirteen ratingone For 2 days, I have not been able to use Facebook on my mobile.
lennine ratingtwo Its not wrking 4 me eithr this is reali suck!
lenfour ratingone Another update, another mess.
lenfive ratingtwo was fine before last update
lentwelve ratingthree I am getting sick and tired of the app often not refreshing.
lenthree ratingfour Improvement builds perfection.
leneight ratingfour And these guys are doing a great job.
leneighteen ratingtwo I find myself accessing the regular site often to do things that should be simple to do here.
lenfive ratingfour It saves battery and data.
lennine ratingfour other apps run faster when FB isnt always active.
lennine ratingone Not on the app, or my phones web brownser.
lensix ratingtwo This app STILL f***ing sucks.
lennine ratingone Can you get a version that just plain works??
lenfive ratingtwo It isn't my connection!!
lennine ratingfour It's great nd fast to use on 2g network
lensix ratingtwo Get it together Facebook seriously, please!
lentwelve ratingone What in Christ's name have you moron developers done to FB
lenfive ratingtwo The new update is terrible.
lennine ratingtwo I uninstalled and reinstalled twice with the same results.
lenthree ratingfour Best baaghi balagan
lentwo ratingfour Awesome app .
lenseven ratingfour Its really a great application for android.
lenfive ratingfour Much better than precious versions
lenthirtyfive ratingtwo After the first time I tell the app that I do not want to import my contacts I would prefer it not ask every freaking time I open the app up, its ef'in retarded.
lensix ratingfour I have always loved this app
leneighteen ratingone Everyone is complaining about so FIX IT ALREADY because your new update didn't f***in do it!
leneleven ratingthree I end up using my browser anyway most of the time.
lensix ratingfour Working Quite nice after new updates.
lenfive ratingfour Fix are looking real nice.
lensix ratingone I have to use friend caster.
lenthree ratingone Minus three stars.
lensix ratingthree New update seems to b faster.
leneleven ratingone Just stop this app if u can't make anything sensible.
lenfour ratingthree This is absolutely insane.
lensix ratingone Saves maybe half of your likes.
lenfortytwo ratingone Why can't u guys get it together if u Wana compete w apple you really need to do a better job seriously they're version is 100 times better wonder if we all delete it would you make it better then hmmm
leneight ratingone A lot of updates and never one good.
lenfour ratingone They are consistently bad.
lentwelve ratingone Fix it or i hv to use fb from my phones browser.
leneight ratingone you ruined it with the last update smh
lennine ratingfour Very easy way to check facebook on the go.
lennineteen ratingtwo Since I upgraded the new upgrade on fb there's some things I realize I can't do anymore.
lenfour ratingtwo old version was better
lenfive ratingtwo Typical of everything Facebook really.
lensix ratingthree Its okay if you like facebook
leneight ratingfour I love staying connecting with the facebook app
leneight ratingthree Please do some fast,light and reliable application
lentwelve ratingone Withdraw it and let people use a working solution - the previous version.
lenfour ratingone Bring back previous version.
leneight ratingone Ever since the update this app is horrible.
leneight ratingtwo when just before the update it worked fine.
lenfive ratingfour The share feature is good!
lentwelve ratingtwo Facebook emplyes get payed for nothing, couse that's what they do.
lenfour ratingone The worst since update!
lensix ratingone This is a bunch of BS!
lenfive ratingfour This version is very smooth
lensix ratingone Concentrate on speed because speed matters.
lenten ratingone Old version worked better but still EXTREMELY disappointed and annoyed.
lenten ratingone It is much more faster to brows with default browser
lenfifteen ratingtwo Overall,  this application has a lot of problems due to straying from the working formula.
lentwentyone ratingone Poorest app , I ever operate, new update is not good, recommend not to download, I going to uninstall that, bakwas app.
lenthree ratingone Lame facebook, lame.
lenseven ratingtwo Hopefully the native app update comes soon.
lenten ratingfour It works on my phone (HTC wildfire s) with troubles
lenfive ratingone And web isnt working either.
lenthirteen ratingone At least it didn't push them into my google contacts this time.
lensix ratingfour I didn't like new facebook .....
lenfive ratingone this app needs improvement ASAP.
lenfour ratingone Doesnt deserve any star.
lenthirteen ratingone Its been like this for about a month now and still no fix.
lensix ratingfour Ok but updates should be improved
lensix ratingone I won't install this again.
lennine ratingfour I recommend using this app never gives me problems..
lennine ratingone getting really frustrated bout to delete fix soon please :-)
leneleven ratingone So much bugs and features missing compared to the mobile version.
lenfive ratingone I absolutely hate this app.
lensix ratingone Mobile site sucks just as bad.
lenseven ratingfour its always the best of alk sites!!!!!!
lennine ratingone When are you ever going to update this mess?
lenfive ratingthree Hope this gets fixed soon!
leneleven ratingone I don't usually have problems but this is my 1st time.
leneight ratingone Update soon or ill delegate the whole thing
lenseven ratingfour Dis app is good bt not best
leneleven ratingfour I love facebook it is the best social site right now!!!
lenseven ratingfour Cool, last update is better than before.
lenfourteen ratingfour I love the new update of facebook now its really fast more update pls.
lenfifteen ratingfour Theres some little bit bugs that need to fix but overall great app for me :)
lensixteen ratingfour this update is great as it's faster than the past and the interface is changed.
lenfive ratingtwo This live updating is awful!
leneleven ratingtwo So now i'm downgrading this app from 4 stars to 2 stars.
lensix ratingtwo Come on with these crappy updates.
lenseven ratingfour But recently its been garbage very disappointed
lenfour ratingfour like it soo much <3 :)
lenfourteen ratingfour I have tried both apps on my Smartfren Andro, cheap Android with 1 Ghz processor.
lenfifteen ratingfour Facebook official app is more fast when we got notification, because this app use push.
lensix ratingfour tell me how that makes sense?
lenseventeen ratingthree it didn't say that on my old phone (the LG Esteem) please fix 3 stars till fixed
lenthirteen ratingthree Now come on I'm on high speed virgin wireless on a Nexus 10.
lenfive ratingthree Rating refers to latest update.
lenfive ratingthree Fix, please for Galaxy Note 1.
lenseven ratingthree Will use full internet site till then.
leneighteen ratingfour You would think the FB app should be one of the best contributing apps in the Play Store.....
lenfive ratingfour This is an awesome app.
lennine ratingfour no longer i need to use the regular Internet;)
lenthirteen ratingthree I think there may be a bug or glitch in the last update.
lenfifteen ratingfour The app basically keeps you connected and updated about your family and friends via Facebook.
lensix ratingfour You can do watever you like..
lenseven ratingfour I gave u a bad review previously...
lentwo ratingfour Excellnt application
lentwentyeight ratingfour I love the new pop-up post viewer and how the new posts on the feed are moved to the top rather than automatically updating the entire window.
lenfour ratingfour More efficient and faster
lennine ratingfour It works so good on my tablet really happy!!!!!!!
lenthirteen ratingone Every time there is an update the app just goes further down hill.
lensix ratingfour Looking forward to more cool updates. :)
lensix ratingfour Its very good fr facebook users
lenfourteen ratingtwo for one of the top 5 apps downloaded I'm disappointed over and over again.
lenthree ratingone This ap sucks.
lentwo ratingone totally frustrating.
lenfive ratingfour Used to love this app.
lenfour ratingfour Much better since update
lennine ratingfour This update confessed me to rate it with 5 stars..
lenfour ratingtwo Hell of an app...
lenfour ratingtwo freaking its so glitchy!!
lenten ratingtwo The old glitches are just being replaced by new glitches!
lenfifteen ratingtwo With every update there seems to be less things available to do on the phone.
lensix ratingone Why change what was working fine?
lensix ratingfour Good App Until It's Updated !
lennine ratingtwo May I know what's wrong with Facebook recently?!
lennineteen ratingfour I only really use the app for a quick way to upload pics but I like it fairly well
lentwo ratingfour Communication king
lenfive ratingfour Best app on google play...
lentwelve ratingtwo This is the fourth time I install this app after long time.
lenfourteen ratingtwo If not because all my contacts are there I would not use the app.
lentwo ratingthree Major Improvement
lenthirteen ratingone used to work flawlesly until the recent update which kinda busted the app...
lenfour ratingone Liked it better before
lenten ratingone Not sure what else to do besides using my laptop.
lenfour ratingone Worked prior to update.
lenfive ratingtwo Worse then the real facebook.
lenfive ratingone Worked great for two days.
lenfour ratingfour This update is awesome
lenfour ratingfour Wonderful app wonderful thngs.
leneighteen ratingone I am a regular fb user bt this version makes me think should I use fb this poorly?
leneight ratingone Seems like every update is worse and worse.
lenfifteen ratingone I wish they would juat fix this app right and then quit messing with it.
lenten ratingone Total junk, Facebook is worthless, updates don't do anything.
lenthirteen ratingone Why don't you actually fix something that will actually make Facebook work.
lenfive ratingone Worked better in iphone before.
lennine ratingone One star just cause i have to leave one!
lenfive ratingtwo Update to my last review.
lensix ratingfour I dont like the old facebook
lentwo ratingone Terribly dissappointed...
lenfive ratingone It is the worst app
lentwentyfour ratingone I've had this app for a year now and after all the negative comments and feedback, they still can't get it right.
lentwo ratingfour Nice Improvement
lenten ratingone I can comment on others and use on my pc.
leneighteen ratingthree Latest updates are a huge improvement on my phone, FB must have finally gotten some decent android devs!
leneleven ratingthree I expect iPad levels of functionality on my Android tablet folks.
lentwelve ratingone F.b. Seems to dictate want it wants now moving to Google
lenfive ratingone Therefore this facebook is horrible
lentwelve ratingone I've tried uninstalling this app and reinstalling it with no luck.
lenfifteen ratingone I don't know who you hired but I could serially develop a better app.
lenthree ratingtwo Lay outs good....
lentwelve ratingtwo Why is it this app gets worse and worse everytime its updated.
lenthree ratingone Worst update yet.
lenseven ratingone Such a stuped error in programing facebook !!!!
lenthirteen ratingfour This is the fastest version of facebook u will ever see till date.
lentwentyone ratingfour The new update has certainly made a lot changes including the new view of comments and also a very quick interface.
lenfour ratingone seems like developer problem.
lensix ratingone I've uninstalled and re installed.
lenthirteen ratingone I have seen monkeys throwing crap at the zoo do a better job!
leneighteen ratingtwo All other apps work fine and I need to close the FB app in the taskbar and reopen.
lenthree ratingfour I love Facebook.
leneight ratingfour I be on facebook all day and night
lennine ratingone You say you always improve it with your updates.
lensix ratingone Your just keep creating more issues.
lentwo ratingfour Goood app
lenthree ratingfour I Love FaceBook<3
lennine ratingone The ios app is 100% better this piece of crap....
leneleven ratingone Do you pay your testers in bananas and a back scratch?
lenfive ratingone Totally a first world problem...
lenfifteen ratingone But please address these issues, as I'm clearly NOT the only one with them
lensix ratingone Pretty tired of dealing with it.
lenseven ratingfour I like to use it a lot.
lensix ratingone Seriously am frustrated with this update !
leneight ratingone FIX IT or I'm deleting my Facebook .
lentwelve ratingone Cuz my phone is the only way I can go on it !!
lenthree ratingone This app sucks!!!
lensix ratingone It doesn't even work properly.
lenfive ratingthree To easy do the chat
lenfive ratingone I hate this new update!
lenthirteen ratingone Its almost 2013 and this app is still going backwards its really crippled by 90 %!!!
lenseven ratingfour too far from pc version but good
lenthree ratingfour Upgrading to 4 stars.
lentwelve ratingtwo Those are still planning to update, i reccommend that u shoudn't.
lennine ratingthree 3 stars because this app is pretty good and fast.
lensix ratingthree Quite satisfied with last couple updates.
lenfour ratingfour Facebook is da best
lenfour ratingone This update sucks man.
lensix ratingone Make a functional app before anything.
lentwo ratingone Makes millions.
lenten ratingone Fix it soon Many android's has the same prblm.
lenfour ratingone Hate this new Facebook.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo Plz bring it back in the app this new thing is piece of shit it was not fast before but atleast it was functional
lenthirteen ratingone For a social media giant you would expect something that at least works.
lenfive ratingthree Much better than old versions.
lensix ratingone This is the worst update yet!!!
lenfifteen ratingone Instead of constant updates, how about making an app that actually works, on all platforms!
leneight ratingone This update is a total waste of space.
lenthree ratingone Blows my mind!
leneight ratingone No wonder this app has 1 million 1-star ratings.
lenfive ratingtwo Once worked great now sucks.
lenthree ratingfour Which is lame. :/
lensixteen ratingtwo After the last update and the (smart space) I lost all my respect to this keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive I really didn't expect this app to be this good.
lennine ratingfive Just as it has done with this whole review.
lensix ratingfour It absolutely rocks on the tablet.
lenthirteen ratingfive If you're a Galaxy S3 user, shut up and give them your money.
lentwentytwo ratingfive SwiftKey took one of the biggest negative things about my phone's overall usability and made it one of its best features.
lenthirtyone ratingfive Obviously, you like anecdotal evidence if you're reading reviews, so here are the results of a typing test I just did comparing the native Samsung keyboard to iOS and SwiftKey.
lensix ratingfive It's well worth your money.
lenseven ratingtwo Complete trash compared to the PERFECT KEYBOARD.
leneight ratingfour In fact this happened while typing this review.
lenthree ratingfive This ap helps..
lenfive ratingfive Great work for language input.
lenfour ratingtwo I have only 1 complaint.
leneight ratingtwo With that, this would be a 5 star app.
lenseven ratingone what a scammy way to do things.
lenfour ratingone I want my refund...
lenseventeen ratingfive It's amazing how accurate the auto correct is and how it adapts to your typing style.
lensix ratingfour Other keyboards work fine with it.
lenfourteen ratingfive I really can't believe I've lived for years without thus keyboard app.
lenseven ratingfive The left swipe erase makes it great.
lenfive ratingfive Can't live without it
lenseven ratingfive Must have app for all android users......
leneighteen ratingfive SwiftKey is probably going to be the first and only app I will ever buy for my phone.
lensix ratingfive It just learns it by itself!
lentwo ratingfour Maybe fix?
lennine ratingfive Ended up shelling out for it when trial expired.
lenten ratingfive The set up, feel, look and overall flow is incredible.
leneleven ratingfive Learns how I type and what I would most likely say.
lensixteen ratingfour I am so used to this new keyboard that I don't want to go back.
lentwentyfour ratingfour The keyboard is quite customizable and has a lot of options that makes it a product you can't miss on your Android device.
lenseventeen ratingfour Also any way to make the keyboard scroll down while trying to view text in horizontal mode?
lenthree ratingfour iPhone's can.
lentwo ratingfour Otherwise, excellent!
lensixteen ratingfive I've tried many downloaded keyboards and this one is by far the best. Awesome app.!
lentwo ratingfour Amazing keyboard.
lenseven ratingfive I am SO glad I bought this.
lenfive ratingfive Running this on GB 2.36, CM9,  and CM10.
lentwenty ratingfive I've used so many keyboards including Swype Beta but this app beats them all in overall speed and accuracy.
lenthirteen ratingfive While I do like swiping, but it's only fast for small words.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive So when I tried SwiftKey I was surprised how it almost types itself,  thus,  saving a lot of time. Been using this for over a month - typing on touchscreen is actually enjoyable now. LOL!
lenseven ratingfive Way better than the crappy android ones.
lensix ratingfour I don't use Swype now.
lenfive ratingfour Predictions are really very good.
lenfour ratingthree Makes this keyboard useless.
lenfour ratingfive App is completely unusable.
lenthree ratingfive Best keyboard ever!
lentwelve ratingtwo I love the keyboard but not all the problems it has caused!
leneight ratingone I bought this keyboard for my fat fingers.
lenfour ratingfive A must buy app.
leneleven ratingfive It's got awesome prediction capabilities and really great keyboard interface.
lenfive ratingfive Probably its gingerbread's fault
lenfive ratingone I'm a fast typer.
lenten ratingfive Pops up words and phrases I use all the time.
lenfive ratingfive But this keyboard is awesome!
lenfour ratingfive Better than I hoped.
lentwentysix ratingfive The Samsung stock keyboard on my Galaxy siii is so lame in comparison, it makes me think Samsung is getting a kickback from Swiftkey and Google;)
leneleven ratingfive This app is really amazing how it can improve your typing.
lenfourteen ratingfive I it is also a Bonus that you can customize the keyboard in awesomeness!!
leneighteen ratingfive Well I have found my new keyboard i have tried many and this seems to be the best...!
lensix ratingfour This is my favorite keyboard again..
lenfour ratingtwo it's so bad ..
lenten ratingfour It almost seems as if it's reading your mind.
leneight ratingfour Talk about saving a lot of valuable time.
lenten ratingfour I don't know how I survived without this app.
lenthree ratingfive Definitely a buy.
leneighteen ratingfour I have been using SwiftKey for the past 1 year on the S2 and Note 1 and no problems at all.
lenthree ratingfive Worth every penny!!!!
leneight ratingfive I think the above comment says it all.
leneleven ratingfive I've even used Swype and this is still my favorite. :)
lenseven ratingfive And is way better then stock keyboard...
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard in the android market.
lenfive ratingfive Smooth typing and soooo smart!
lentwo ratingfive Thanks SwiftKey!
lennine ratingfive Makes typing easier, effortless and consume less time.  B-)
lenfive ratingfive The video says it all.
lenseven ratingfive This keyboard helps me out so much.
lentwo ratingfive Awesome stuff
lenthree ratingfive Excellent keyboard experience!
lenfive ratingfive Love this app more everyday
lentwo ratingfive Fantastic work!
lenthree ratingfive The best app!
lenseven ratingfive Best key board I have ever tried!!
lenseven ratingfive And I have tried alot of um
lenfive ratingfive This is the best. Period.
leneight ratingtwo Smooth as butter when is at its best ..
leneight ratingthree Very overrated keyboard in general in my opinion.
lentwelve ratingfive I was without this for a day or so and was lost...
leneight ratingfive Great, one of the best keyboard for Android.
lenfive ratingfive Title basically says it all.
lennine ratingfive It would definitely be the first thing to install.
lenseven ratingfive Makes typing ridiculously fast and highly customizable.
lenseven ratingfour For the keyboard on the next update?
lenseventeen ratingfive It is elegant and works well but I have just bought SlideIT and works better for me
leneighteen ratingfive Amazingly accurate, nimble, impossible to go back to any other keyboard after you get used to this one.
lenfive ratingfive Any I've tried several.
lennineteen ratingfive I got the free trial and after using it for just a few hours I bought the full version.
lentwentyseven ratingfive I don't find the keyboard layout all that unique (and the number pad takes some getting used to), but the predictive text is second to none.
lentwentyone ratingfive It makes all of my messages and email so much quicker and I don't think I could go back now!
lenthirtyseven ratingfive It's pretty decent straight from the start but the more you use it, the more it learns from you and within a few days I'm typing better than I ever have from a touchscreen device
lensix ratingfive Should be on every android device.
lenfour ratingfive I highly recommend it.
lenfive ratingfive Best app I have bought!
leneleven ratingone Who thought this was a great idea to force onto people?
lensix ratingone What's a wrong swiftkey people.
lentwo ratingfive Great settings!
lenfour ratingone Useless on the Galaxy S3
leneleven ratingthree I am too use to sliding my finger to type now.
lensix ratingfour Perfect keyboard minus a couple things.
leneleven ratingfive I love it better than the one came with the phone
lenfour ratingfive Predicts text unbelievably well.
lenfour ratingfive Definitely recommend the download.
lenseven ratingfour This does save you from many keystrokes.
leneleven ratingfive However,  the keyboard system that comes with touchwiz sucks pretty bad!!!
lenseventeen ratingfive And when you type a wrong word it fixes to the one that you were looking for!!!
lenfour ratingfive Swift key is awesome.
lenthirtyone ratingfive I'm a fast typist and I miss the mark on most android keyboards but Swift key picks up what I'm typing flawlessly I wouldn't recommend any other keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfive It would let me sent nonsense words I've mistyped, something the iphone auto corrected.
lenthirteen ratingfive Swift key not only auto corrects but it learns from your typing style.
lentwelve ratingfive I love this keyboard its the best 4 dollars I have ever spent.
lensix ratingfive Very useful and easy to use.
lennineteen ratingfive You can also set it for spell checker but it doesn't automatically insert what IT thinks you mean.
lentwelve ratingone Love this app but for the moment it's too much work.
lenfive ratingfive I don't think so.
lentwelve ratingfive Otherwise an excellent keyboard with excellent predictive text and excellent spell check.
lensixteen ratingfive Not sure what is causing it but fix that and you will have pure keyboard perfection!
lenfour ratingfive Great keyboard, very accurate!
lensixteen ratingfive Just try and go back to a default keyboard after using this trial for a month.
lentwentyeight ratingfive got this a while back in the sale for 25p but had then got a iphone , but changed back to android recently , so installed again on my htc desire .
lentwentyone ratingfive i have allowed the app access to Facebook and twitter and also my sms messages to learn my style of writing .
lenfive ratingthree It's a normal keyboard.
lenfive ratingfour would be excellent after that.
lentwentyone ratingfive I have used this app for about one year and it is by far the best keyboard on any smart phone.
lennine ratingfive It seriously makes typing sooo much faster and easier.
leneleven ratingfive It learns from what I type and predicts crazy accurate stuff!
lenseven ratingfive I don't like something change it.
lensix ratingfive Like eveything else on this phone :)
leneight ratingfive Other than that, wouldn't change a thing.
lenfourteen ratingfive I love it makes my sms much better for things you get lazy about.
leneight ratingfive Way better than the terrible Samsung Galaxy S3 keyboard.
lenten ratingfive It's way faster and a million times more accurate.
leneight ratingfive Do yourself a favor and download this app.
leneight ratingfive The factory keyboard on my galaxy s3 is terrible.
leneight ratingthree This app is awesomeness but not without problems.
leneight ratingfive Learns as you type and makes perfect corrections.
lensix ratingfive The best keyboard for fast typers.
lenten ratingfive I honestly think this is the best keyboard on android.
lenthree ratingthree But not anymore...
lentwelve ratingthree Decent keyboard but not enough to warrant a purchase over the stock.
lentwenty ratingfour If this app and thumb keyboard could somehow have a baby app, then that would be the best keyboard ever.
lenten ratingfive Makes the predictions amd corrections with great ease and accuracy!
lenthree ratingfour Overall very good.
lenfive ratingfive That would make it perfect.
lenthirteen ratingfive I can't believe I was using the standard s3 keyboard for so long!
lenthirteen ratingfive This thing is simply the best touch screen keyboard I've ever used!
leneight ratingfive I wish I would have downloaded it earlier!
lentwentyfive ratingfive That said, SwiftKey is an extremely competent app that gets a deserved 5* from me and a huge well done and thanks to the dev team!
lentwenty ratingfive Going back to the android default made my texting while driving made it 10 times more dangerous than it already is.
lenfour ratingfive Excellent and very useful!
leneleven ratingthree I do I need to buy it again for my tablet?
leneighteen ratingfive Between this and swype its even bcuz they both work great and do what their supposed to do.
lenseventeen ratingfive It's just great, the looks of keyboards, how it knows what I'm about to type!
lenten ratingfive Predictions are changing to your style and tailored to YOU.
lenthree ratingfour Overall, great keyboard.
lenfour ratingfive I live this keyboard.
lenseventeen ratingfive I have use so many android keyboards and non of them even come close to this one!
leneight ratingfour Other than that,  this is a brilliant app:)
lenten ratingfour If that could be fixed i would rate this 5 stars
lentwenty ratingone It sucks too that they offer to get the tablet version instead, but of course, you have to pay again...
leneight ratingfour I can't type without this swift :-o
lenseven ratingfive This is the BEST keyboard out there.
lenthree ratingone Please fix it.
lensix ratingfive I would suggest it to anyone.
leneight ratingthree I use apostrophes and dot com a lot.
lentwelve ratingfour Ridiculous that assessment, bit cheaper, shot, duck, and see are all changed.
lenten ratingtwo It becomes more of a nuisance instead of a features.
lenseventeen ratingfive I've been using it for months and I can't imagine going back to anything else.
lenten ratingfour Would be 5 star if it was less than a pound
lentwelve ratingfour Man what a great upgrade to the factory keyboard on the phone.
lenseven ratingfour I am a want a be texter.
lenthirteen ratingfour I used the trial version of SwiftKey 3 for a month and loved it.
lenfourteen ratingfive Ive been using it for 1 full month and now im going to buy it!
lenfour ratingone Have reinstalled several times.
lenseven ratingfive You new to get this lol wow
lensix ratingfive Buy it and never look back.
lenten ratingone No reply to my request to have the difference refunded.
lentwelve ratingfive Soo much better than the Android and Samsung keyboard on my phone.
lennineteen ratingfive SwiftKey can finish your words, make predictions and know what you're typing even without hitting the scape bar.
leneight ratingfive Great Job swift key team kudos to you.!!!
leneight ratingfive Truly does what the ad says it do.
lenfive ratingfive Easily the best keyboard app.
lenthirteen ratingfive I can type on this just as I could type on my blackberry.
lenten ratingfive Infinitely better than Android's out-of-the-box keyboards.
lenthree ratingfive Very impressive indeed.
lenseven ratingfour Hopefully it will come in the future.
lenfour ratingfive Very fast and easy.
leneleven ratingfour It's nice and perfect, but still has 2 problem to choose;
leneleven ratingfour If it updated, probably would be the best keyboard for Android.
lentwo ratingfour Now 4 star.
lennineteen ratingfive Hard to go back to the default keyboard after using this, and finally made me appreciate touch screen typing.
leneighteen ratingfive It's amazing and it will change your life if you text a lot or use twitter frequently.
leneleven ratingfive Without this I can't text for the life of me.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo At first I was skeptical even though I'd seen this app on the market for quite some, but I was hooked once I used the trial.
lenten ratingfive I have been using it for a long time now....
lenseventeen ratingfive It's awesome works the best on T-mobile GS2 I can't use any other keyboard now..
lenthirteen ratingfour I was so frustrated with the keyboard options that came with my phone.
lenfive ratingfive This keyboard is simply amazing.
leneighteen ratingfive Text prediction is better than any other 3rd party keyboard available (and I've tried more than a few).
lenthree ratingfive Two thumbs up!
lenfour ratingfive Best keyboard out there!
lentwo ratingfive love swiftkey!
lentwelve ratingfive i have one problem that just appeared over the last few days.
lenthree ratingfive It's maddening.
lenfive ratingfive I buy this app immediately
lenfifteen ratingfive I tried the trial and this was simply the best keyboard I've ever used.
lennine ratingfive In ICS, though, it's very responsive and fast.
lenfourteen ratingfive I like the way it suggests words when you backspace to change a word.
lensixteen ratingthree I've tried everything out there and nothing comes close in prediction and ease of use.
lenfifteen ratingthree I thought it was an ics problem but no other keyboard is lagging like this.
lenthree ratingfive Thanks for this!!
lentwo ratingfour Very frustrating!
lenten ratingfive I love this app and was recommended from a friend.
lenthree ratingfive Best android keyboard
lenfive ratingfive You guys are the best!
lentwo ratingthree Otherwise great
lenthirtyone ratingfive It was getting really frustrating having to use an all touch screen phone but swiftkey changed that all and now I can text away with no problems what so ever!! Woo!!!
leneleven ratingfive This is so much easier to use than the original keyboard.
lenthree ratingfive Just love it
lenthirteen ratingfive I'm really looking forward to seeing its potential against other swiping keyboards.
leneight ratingfive Adaptxt and multiling outperform swiftkey in this respect.
lenthree ratingfive It is awesome!!!
leneighteen ratingfour I don't know if the problem will ever occur again, but for now it has been fixed.
lenfour ratingfive Predictions is Swiftkeys advantage.
leneleven ratingfive Can't go wrong with an app making your experience easier.
lenseven ratingtwo You can do something about it dev...
lensix ratingone Therefore, app is useless to me.
lenfifteen ratingfive I honestly regret not buying this earlier the stock keyboard for my phone was awful.
lensix ratingfive Have no issues what so ever
lenfour ratingfive This keyboard is sweet.
lenseventeen ratingfive I just got my galaxy s3 3 days ago and the stock keyboard was predicting some pretty weird words.
lensix ratingfive So i downloaded the trial version.
lennine ratingfive I don't know how I survived without it.
lentwentyfive ratingfive I can type so quickly and poorly and yet it will correct every word in a paragraph correctly without me having to backspace even once.
lenthree ratingfive A must buy.
lentwentyfive ratingfive This is the easiest keyboard to use and the easiest to type wicked fast with auto correction and it knows what I want to say!
lenseven ratingfive Why didn't I download this sooner?!
leneleven ratingfive It's so worth the $3.00 - don't wait, download it now!
lenfive ratingfour It's a great app.
lentwentythree ratingfive While I'm writing this I'm typing as fast as possible and probably made 20 plus mistakes but it's typing it perfectly!!!
lenseventeen ratingthree I know you won't make all that money but you will be respected by your customers.
leneight ratingfive The suggestions are very helpful whilst typing messages.
lenten ratingfive This keyboard has saved me so many times, drunk texting...
lenseventeen ratingfive Ok, we'll I don't do many reviews, but I must say I like this app.
lenseven ratingtwo rating stays low until it's fixed.
lentwo ratingfive Really awesome!
lensixteen ratingfive Now that I have had it for a while it is very intuitive to my vocabulary.
lenfour ratingthree Really fast and accurate.
lenthirteen ratingfour If it did it would be 6 out of 5 stars but overall great keyboard.
lensix ratingone 25 idiots downloaded the App, including me!
lenthree ratingfive Keyboard is amazing.
lenten ratingfive It's honestly unbelievable how incredibly helpful This app is
lenthree ratingfour love this app
lenfour ratingthree Recently it become sluggish.
lenseven ratingthree But other wise its a great app.
lenfive ratingfour 5 stars if this is fixed.
lenthree ratingfive otherwise awesome keyboard.
lensix ratingthree Hope an update will resolve this.
lennine ratingtwo The perfect keyboard is incredibly more precise and customizable.
lennine ratingfive Definitely recommend to everyone, and as for the themes.
leneleven ratingfive But I said to hell with it and downloaded the keyboard.
leneight ratingfive I have to say that I love it.
lenthree ratingfive GET THIS KEYBOARD.
lenseven ratingfive I love it on my Note II.
lenfifteen ratingfive This is a very awesome keyboard with very accurate prediction, I love it very much.
lennine ratingfour Really like the keyboard and bought the full version.
lensix ratingfour It is so close to perfect.
lentwo ratingfive Best keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive Huge improvements over the years.
lentwentythree ratingfive By far the best keyboard app ever,  I definitely recommend getting this app, it will change your whole experience with texting, typing, etc.
lenthree ratingfive BUY THIS APP!!!!!
lenseven ratingfive Predicts very well and reduces incorrect keys.
lenseven ratingfive My typing is much faster as well.
lensix ratingfive I noticed the difference right away!
lennine ratingfive nice app to use instead of the standard keyboard.
leneight ratingfive spares you a lot of grey hairs :D
lennine ratingfive Just a suggestion as some people change phone often.
lentwelve ratingfive Been using for a while, so much better than even stock keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive Predictive text is spot on.
lenseven ratingfour Having other languages is really nice too.
lenfour ratingone I loved this keyboard.
lentwo ratingone So smart.
lenthirteen ratingone This has happened multiple times which is annoying because I paid for this.
lenfour ratingfive This keyboard is amazing.
lentwentytwo ratingfive If it were the themes alone I still would have bought it, but SwiftKey is the keyboard that keeps giving and learning.
lenseven ratingfive Buy it, you won't regret it.
lenfour ratingfive I love this app.
lenseven ratingfive I have used it for several months.
lenthirteen ratingfive Comfy for small and big screens, and the predictions keep better ans better.
lentwo ratingfive Good job!
lenthirteen ratingfive You are a failure at life and your parents don't love you.
leneight ratingfive Buy this keyboard and become a winner TODAY.
lenthree ratingfive Intuitive, powerful, customizable.
lenfourteen ratingthree I'm back to using the stock keyboard and things are much much faster.
lenseven ratingfive I'm not sure about flow idea..
lenten ratingtwo This delay is gone when I switch to stock keyboard.
lenfourteen ratingtwo Please check and fix this problem as I am used to swift key now.
lennine ratingfive I found one of the best apps for mobile.
lenseven ratingfive Do you have similar program for desktop?
lensix ratingfive My typing speed increased like anything.
lenfifteen ratingfive used to hate typing on my HTC one x but now it's a pleasure  :-) :-)
lenfive ratingfive Like wp8 or iOS keyboard perhaps.
lenfour ratingfive Very easy to use.
lenseven ratingfive Saves time and makes writing a pleasure.
lenthree ratingfive Love this keyboard
lenseventeen ratingfive Love SwiftKey been using it for quite a while now by far the best keyboard out there.
lenthirteen ratingfive Hands down has the best predictive capability of any keyboard I've used.
lenfifteen ratingfive I can literally type garbage and it types exactly what I want 99% of the time.
lentwo ratingfive None better
lensix ratingfour love it, love it love it...
lenthree ratingfour worth every penny!...
lenfive ratingfour saves time makes life easyer...
lenfive ratingfour seriously a good keyboard app
lentwentyfour ratingfive I also love that if you spam space it will type up a sentence ", and I getting to know if you are doing well.
lenfive ratingfive I am a beautiful person."
leneight ratingfive That was typed with only the space bar.
lenthree ratingfive Great Android keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfive Swift key is great I can't believe I could use my phone without it.
lenten ratingone I am sick of how paid users are being treated.
lentwenty ratingone Yes you may have made my money, but rest assure I will never ever recommend this app to anyone else.
lentwentyfour ratingone And to all other who is considering getting this app, if you like to be ignored then this is the right app for you.
leneleven ratingfive This made me not regret trading my iPhone for the DROID.
lenthirteen ratingfive Couldn't type with the Samsung keyboard but this app makes it awesome.
lenthree ratingfive Small learning curve.
lennine ratingfive Once you get used to it, it's fantastic.
lenseven ratingfive The best $4 bucks I've ever spent.
lensix ratingfour It's okay... Just ok app
lenseven ratingfive Thank you very much for your app!
lenfour ratingfive Best I've found.
leneleven ratingfour The app is one app away from being a must have.
lenthree ratingfour Fast and easy
lentwentythree ratingfive My spelling and texting isint soo great so is very useful, find it amazing how it is starting to learn how i text.
lennine ratingfive Blown away at how accurate and predictive it is.
lennineteen ratingfive I just finished the trial, but knew after the first day that I would be purchasing the full version.
lensix ratingfive The original S3 keyboard is an embarrassment.
lenseven ratingfive SwiftKey is intuitive and makes typing enjoyable.
lenthirteen ratingone Worked fine for a while, but some update broke it completely for me.
lentwo ratingone Thumbs down.
lenten ratingthree Wasn't a believer at first.... ....but now I am!
lenfourteen ratingfive Nice app much easier and quicker than standard keyboard, and the predictions are great.
lenfour ratingfour Please fix this problem.
lensixteen ratingfour I tried to get in touch with you but no one is geting back to me.
lenthree ratingfour Please help me!
lensix ratingfive I cannot recommend this keyboard enough.
lensixteen ratingfive I type so much faster with all the predictions which are accurate more often than not.
lennineteen ratingfive There are some small tweaks here and there that also just make it 10x better and easier to use. A+
lenthirteen ratingfour But I loved the free trial of this keyboard so I bought it!
lenfive ratingfour Best keyboard I've used!
lensix ratingtwo By far the best keyboard ever.
lennine ratingtwo Would love to have it on my PC desktop...
leneleven ratingtwo It's so annoying that I tried to live without it...
leneighteen ratingtwo but it's impossible once you've get used to type only the firts letter of each word...
lenfour ratingthree Makes this application useless.
lenthirteen ratingfive Love it...after the trial expired, I realised I couldnt do without it.
leneight ratingtwo This ends up being a nuisance when typing.
lennine ratingfive This is the best keyboard I've ever used.
lenseven ratingfive So much better then the standard keyboard
lennine ratingfour This is the best keyboard I have ever used.
leneight ratingfour Much better than previous SwiftKey keyboard, very accurate!
lensix ratingfive As far as I'm concerned.
leneight ratingfive Every other keyboard is a headache by comparison.
lenfour ratingfive Predictive text made easy
lentwo ratingfour Wonderful keyboard.
lenfive ratingfour Turns gibberish into proper words.
lennine ratingfour Will gladly give 5 stars if two features are added.
lenfour ratingfive Hope good is it?
lentwenty ratingfive It's so good that it was actually one of the main reasons I switched back to Android from iOS.
lenseven ratingfive Way better than the basic android keyboard
lenfour ratingfive The best keyboard available.
lennine ratingfive Saved me over 40% of my key strokes in 6 months.
leneight ratingfive Sometimes I think SwiftKey is reading my mind...
lensixteen ratingfive Just like the other reviews say, the input is smooth and the predictions are very accurate.
leneight ratingfive The only app I've ever paid for!
lensix ratingfive This is the best keyboard ever..
lenthree ratingfive Awesome auto correct.
lenfive ratingfive Love the various themes available.
lentwelve ratingfive It learns all the words u type and predicts it very precisely.
lensix ratingtwo Edit; no fix as to date 12/nov2012
lenten ratingfive This app is the best keyboard app ive ever had.
lentwo ratingfive Like colors.
lentwo ratingfive Great keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive Lots of stuff to customize, great auto-correct and word predictions.
lentwelve ratingfive Texting is way faster with this keyboard than the default android one.
lentwelve ratingfive It's so fast and is really accurate and corrects so well
lenthirteen ratingthree Please fix the minor bug, other than that it's an excellent app.
lentwentytwo ratingfive I use dual languages and English is always the first choice despite me writing much more and frequently in the other language.
leneight ratingfour It's one of the best keyboard ever.
lenten ratingfour I can never go back to the original stocked keyboard.
lenfour ratingfour It was worth purchasing
lensix ratingfive Had first tried the trial version.
lentwelve ratingfive After the trial, directly purchased the full version without any second thoughts.
lensix ratingfive It made me lazy in typing.
leneleven ratingfive Hope there will be such programs for the desktop or laptops.
lentwo ratingfour Super app.
lenfifteen ratingfive This keyboard is GREAT,  incredibly accurate, even for a fat finger (thumb) typist like me.
lenfour ratingfive Predictions are nearly flawless.
lennine ratingfive Beats the heck of any other keyboard out there
lensix ratingfive Keyboard, the best I have seen.
lenten ratingfive Unbelievable predictions, it sometimes guesses exactly what you're thinking!
lennine ratingfive 100x better than the stock Samsung keyboard, a must buy!
lenfive ratingtwo Hoping this gets fixed soon -
lentwentyfive ratingtwo 3 weeks without even a response from SwiftKey suggests they may be more interested in their Flow version than making sure the current one works though.
leneight ratingone so I'm not liking it so far.
lenfive ratingfive Makes messaging so much easier
lenten ratingfive Makes entering text a joy rather than a fiddly chore.
lenseven ratingfive So many good things about the design.
lennine ratingone i can't believe I paid for this keyboard.
lenten ratingone it is truly the worst keyboard ever on a galaxy S3.
lennine ratingone i hate it and I want my money back.
lenten ratingone uninstalling and would give it zero stars if i could.
lenseven ratingfive I wish I would've downloaded sooner.
lentwenty ratingfive I bought this even though my phone came with Swype, because the word predictions are way faster than on Swype.
lentwentyseven ratingfive The Swype might seem faster than normal, but text predictions on this App are always better, so I can actually text faster because of it, 2nd to none.
lentwelve ratingfive The android keyboard is nice, however the SwiftKey keyboard is even better!
lenthirteen ratingfive With it's features, I have gotten used to SwiftKey in a day.
leneighteen ratingfive I type fast and often miss the space bar and string words together, this makes it a breeze
lennine ratingone Very frustrating and defeats the point of the keyboard.
lenthree ratingone Otherwise pretty good!
lennineteen ratingthree To be fair, i've only been using swiftkey for a few days, but it's not for me.
lenten ratingthree Maybe i just used the standard keyboard for too long.
lensixteen ratingthree It's a good app that does exactly what it says, but it has its downfalls.
lenfourteen ratingthree But like I said, I've only been using it for a few days.
lensixteen ratingthree I'll keep using it for a few more and see if it grows on me.
lensixteen ratingfive The shortcuts to the punctuations; the word predictions; the clean layout and look of the keys...
lensix ratingfive It's absolutely worth the purchase!
lenfourteen ratingfive After one weeks use:  39% more efficient 10.143 keystrokes saved 1.941 typos corrected 94 words predicted 1.037 words completed
lenfive ratingfive This is a great keyboard.
lentwo ratingfive Great app!
leneight ratingfive Without a doubt, this has been the best.
lenfifteen ratingfive I've tried go, swipe, fat, and I come back to SwiftKey keyboard every time.
lenthirtythree ratingfive I have been using the paid version for about 2 years and they have improved to the point where the talk to text feature is unmatched by anyone, no errors, it knows me well.
lentwentytwo ratingfive I also love how it translates as you speak, and allows me to pause and think about what I will say next.
lenten ratingfive Just go straight to the paid version, money well spent
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard app on the market
lenfour ratingfive Now it's perfect!
lenthree ratingfive Predictions are awesome.
lenfive ratingfive Thanks for the great keyboard!
leneleven ratingfive This is truly the BEST app I have on my phone.
lensixteen ratingfive It is worth the few bucks, trust me - get it and you will NOT be disapointed ....
lenfive ratingfive Works flawless on my Motorola XT890.
lentwelve ratingfive I finally discovered joy of SMS, email, WhatsApp, etc. I love it.
lenfifteen ratingfour This is why I rate 4 stars, it's been like that for too long now.
lentwo ratingfour Otherwise great!
lenthree ratingfive Best keyboard replacement.
lenseven ratingfive Best keyboard app in the android market!!
lensix ratingfive Absolutely worth every cent of it.
lenthree ratingfive Best keyboard ever!
leneight ratingthree Had to remove and use the stock keyboard.
lensix ratingfive But still best keyboard hands down!!!
lentwo ratingfive Cursor Arrows!
lenten ratingone its  garbage it's no different than the original typing.
lennineteen ratingfive Simply the best keyboard for Android phones, though I can't get mine to stop vibrating when I type.
lentwo ratingtwo Wayyyy better.
lentwelve ratingone the prediction is near perfect but i like typing the whole word.
lenfour ratingone call me old fashioned.
lenthree ratingone love the layout.
lenthree ratingone everything else perfect.
lenthirtynine ratingfive Nor do I buy apps, but with the frustration from the poor keyboard that came stock on my razr,  I was so happy with SwiftKey I didn't wait for the trial to end,  I just bought the app.
lenten ratingfive I am thinking of getting it for my tablet too.
lennine ratingone Please fix this so I can use it again
lenseven ratingfive The best keyboard I've ever had!
lentwenty ratingfive Just finished up the trial version yesterday and found how difficult it was to go back to my old keyboard.
lentwelve ratingfour I like the SwiftKey overall and use it as my daily driver.
leneleven ratingfour But it's got warts (on both my Razr and Prime):
lenfour ratingfour Really wearing me out.
lennine ratingfive If you have the galaxy s3 you need this app.
lenfour ratingfive Great app very accurate
lensix ratingthree This is a decent keyboard app.
lenten ratingthree The predicted words database can be pretty impressive at times.
lensix ratingthree This would seriously speed up typing.
lensixteen ratingthree If you could provide this update, I will be more than happy to reevaluate my rating.
lenthirteen ratingfour This app fixes the only thing iphones have over android - a good keyboard.
leneleven ratingfour To bring this rating up to 5 stars please change these 2 things:
lentwenty ratingfive Awesome app, I can type so much for faster than before, but it makes typing alot more comfortable and convenient.
lenfour ratingfive I love this keyboard.
leneight ratingfive I have to do it everyday, really annoying.
lenfifteen ratingfive It might be an Android issue, but still there should be a solution for it.
lenthirteen ratingfive This app is by far the most incredible app I have ever used.
lenthree ratingfive Predictions are perfect.
lenthirteen ratingfive What really won me over was the amount of customization you can use.
lennine ratingfive Perfect for any user because you choose your experience.
lenseven ratingfive Very nicely done developer, continue your work!
lenfour ratingfive Great app highly recommend...  ^_^
lentwentyone ratingfive ... One can purchase for any Android touch screen device, maybe of any touch screen system at all; I can't say.
lentwentyfour ratingfive What I can say as an Android touch screen user is that this the best piece of mobile software that I have ever downloaded.
lennine ratingfive It has saved me over 60,000 key strokes to date.
lensix ratingfive That is a fantasticly huge amount.
leneight ratingfive Try to just tap at your screen 60,000 times.
lenten ratingfive Your battery will die many times over before you finish.
lenten ratingfive Time is arguably priceless and SwiftKey has saved me much.
leneight ratingfive Other than that it's an awesome keyboard!!
lensix ratingfive Keep up the good work guys =)
lenseven ratingfive You will not regret buying this app.
lenfive ratingfive Easy, efficient and absolutely brilliant!
lenfourteen ratingfive I've installed it on Android and tab and can NOT function without it!
lenthree ratingfive Best keyboard out!
lenfiftythree ratingfive Got the trial, tryed a few other keyboards when it ran out, nothing can compare, has increased my typing efficiency by 47%, or so says the cool stat sheet, awsome predictions/corrections, nice themes, works well sideways, first thing I've ever bought from the app market., well worth it, 5 star all the way.
lenthree ratingfive Its beyond great
lentwentynine ratingfive All the reviews on this keyboard are pretty accurate this keyboard is accurate, and that's one thing I missed about my old iPhone, this keyboard seems even better.
lenfifteen ratingfive I love the accuracy of I love the way you can change the themes. I
lentwelve ratingfive see why this is the number one payed app on the market.
lennineteen ratingfive I'm a fast typer and it amazes me as I look back how and see no typo problems.
lenfourteen ratingfive With the stock Samsung keyboard I always had to go back and correct things.
lenthirteen ratingfive This keyboard is awesome & if you don't have it your missing out.
lensix ratingfour If this is added then 5 stars
lenten ratingfive This App turns a phone into a genuine pocket computer.
lenseven ratingfive I couldn't live without it now.
lenthirteen ratingfive I'd love to be able to give feedback to the developers though.
leneight ratingfive Overall a massive improvement over the Android keyboard.
lentwentythree ratingfive If you're a fast typer like me and hate having to fix auto correct errors then this is the app for you.
lennine ratingfive This app pretty much finishes your sentences for you.
lenfive ratingfive Incredibly smart, simple and customizable.
lenthree ratingfive A must buy.
lenfive ratingone Never updated with new features.
lennine ratingfive Let's see how it plays out over time .
lenseventeen ratingfour I've used this keyboard for years but now android 4.2 features swipe I've stopped using it.
leneight ratingfour Too bad, the keyboard itself is very good.
lentwelve ratingfive I was uncertain about buying a third party keyboard app like this.
lensix ratingfive I mean they all suck, right?
lenthirtytwo ratingfive Swiftkey lets me throw my fingers in the key's general direction, and whether or not I hit the right ones it almost always seems to know what I'm looking for.
lenseventeen ratingfive Hit more incorrect keys than correct keys, and dont hit spacebar for three words in a row?
lentwenty ratingfive Yeah, it already knows what you wanted to say  Google needs to make this prediction system standard, it's amazing!
lentwentyfive ratingfive I'm real clumsy when it comes to typing but Swiftkey knows what I want to type and it corrects everything with really great accuracy!
lentwo ratingfive Awesome keyboard.
lenseventeen ratingfive I've been using it through many of my Android devices but this time I bought it.
lenfive ratingfive I please fix this conflict.
lenten ratingfour Been using for a day and so far loving it.
lentwelve ratingfour Makes it possible to type without concentrating on hitting the right characters.
leneighteen ratingfive I tried the free trial then had to buy it because i couldnt type without lots of errors
lensixteen ratingfive This is a intelligent keyboard and very much easier to use I highly recommend this keyboard.
lennine ratingfive I used to love swype, but after using SwiftKey....
lenfour ratingfive I'm in love....
lenten ratingfive The time taken for typing messages has been cut by 3/4..
lentwentyeight ratingfive If your running a phone and you don't have this app then go and get a cold fish and slap your self, cause its a must have
leneleven ratingthree This is proving to be so annoying I have uninstalled it.
leneight ratingthree Fix this and I will reinstall and rerate.
lentwentyfour ratingone Which doesn't surprise me so I remembered how much I missed swype and how faster it was so I switched back to it.
lenfour ratingfive This keyboard is awesome.
lennine ratingfive Have been using it for about a week now.
lenten ratingfive The predictive capabilities are fantastic, layout, options and features brilliant.
lenfive ratingfive Can't recommend this enough.
lenfive ratingfive No brainer, just buy it
lennine ratingfive This is the best keyboard I've come across.
lensix ratingfive Typing is not a chore anymore.
lentwo ratingfive Great stuff!
lentwentytwo ratingfive A good app which figures out what you are going to type even before you type the word itself just amazed me.
lennine ratingfive Would recommend to anyone who is into fast typing.
leneight ratingfive By far the BEST keyboard on the market.
lenthree ratingfive Worth every penny.
lenfortysix ratingfive Was happy with ics keyboard up until now, trialed this just for the colours (which are great)  and curiosity, I think it's a much better keyboard by far, and quick to adapt to- 60 seconds later and I paid the $4, I am not going without this.
lensix ratingfive I Love it,  Thanks Dev team!
lentwo ratingfive Beautiful work.
lenfive ratingfour It's a great keyboard! :-)
lenfour ratingfour That would be awesome!
lenthirteen ratingfive Love this keyboard, so much more intuitive than the Galaxy S3 built in one.
lentwentyfour ratingfive Having recently switched from iPhone, this is actually the first app I've bought after my trial version expired - couldn't live without it. :)
lensix ratingfive This keyboard is fast, simple, gorgeous!
leneleven ratingfour The jelly beans keyboard was good, this is more than awesome.
lenthree ratingfour It is practical.
lentwentynine ratingfour No need to do a manual switch between languages, which increase by far productivity especially when half of your contacts in SMS or email are in French and English.
lensix ratingfour The stock keyboard is much faster...
lentwo ratingfour Great keyboard
lenfive ratingfive It's worth the money^_^
lentwentyeight ratingfive I had this on my LG P500 & now I have it on my Samsung Galaxy S3, it's the best keyboard, super accurate and amazing to be able to personalize!
lentwo ratingthree Glitchy though.
lenfour ratingfour The keyboard works awesome.
leneleven ratingfour It's by far the best keyboard I have ever used.
lentwo ratingfive SwiftKey keyboard
lensix ratingfive Combines English and Afrikaans keyboards flawlessly!
lenfifteen ratingfive If you daily have to text in different languages THIS IS the keyboard to get.
lenten ratingfive It supports three of them and the utilisation is flawless!
lenthree ratingfive A real pleasure.
lenseven ratingfive Moreover the prediction is scary of accuracy!
leneleven ratingfive Predictions works amazingly, you have to use 30 days trial to believe.
lensix ratingfour It has never worked, very annoying.
lenseven ratingfour Other than that it's effing amazing.
lenten ratingfive This app is so much better than the onboard keyboard.
lentwentytwo ratingfive I make typos like crazy and it almost made me miss my iphone but this app has made everything so much better.
lenthirteen ratingfive It is incredibly accurate with fixing any mistyped and the predictions are amazing.
leneight ratingfive Sometimes it feels like it reads my mind.
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard that I used ever.
lenthree ratingfive I love it!
lentwentyfour ratingfive Great app, this is the only app i've ever paid for,saves so much time, highly recommended, especially to quick or lazy typists.
lenfour ratingfive I love this app!
lensix ratingfive Galaxy S 3 -  I love this keyboard.
lenthree ratingfive Predictions are awsome.
lenseventeen ratingfive Never thought I will get use to a touch screen phone but this keyboard is just awsome.
lenfive ratingfive Everybody should deff get it.
lenthirteen ratingfive Once the trial version is over you are gonna want to get it.
lenfour ratingfive Again I love itttt.
leneleven ratingone Two letters aren't working on my keyboard c and v.
leneight ratingone Why did I pay for this app....ugh
lenthirteen ratingfive I have an S3 and the default keypad was not that great on that.
lentwelve ratingfive This however is a vast improvement and I love it so much.
lenseven ratingfive I love how you can have different.
lenfour ratingfive Themes for the keyboard.
lentwentyfive ratingfive So its not the same old bland one also I like how double tap space leaves a full stop where as before it never did.
lenfive ratingfive Great app really do recommend.
lentwelve ratingone I really can't understand why this has good ratings its rubbish
lensixteen ratingfive I love this keyboard, have tried all the others i keep coming back to this one.
lenfive ratingthree Been using this since gingerbread.
lensix ratingthree Worked great with that and ics.
lenfifteen ratingthree Still waiting for a fix before switching back to stock or using smart keyboard, etc.
leneleven ratingone Dont know what but until ita fixed I cant use it.
lenseven ratingone Ill change to 5 stars when it is.
lensixteen ratingfive Never really buy apps but the reviews i have heard on this forced me into it.
lenthree ratingfive wow so impressive!
lentwelve ratingfive I I'm dyslexic and this makes life so quick and easy
lenseven ratingfour I've thus far loved this keyboard.
lennine ratingfour From the great easy setup to the great predictions.
lensix ratingfive Excellent keyboard nice UI and IA
lensix ratingfive Easily the best keyboard for android.
lenthree ratingfive Incredible word prediction.
lensix ratingfive Saved many 1000's of key strokes
lennine ratingfive The absolutely best testing app I've ever seen.
lenseventeen ratingfive Used to think swipe typing was the fastest but the prediction on this keyboard is a revelation.
lennine ratingfive Makes one hand or two hand typing really fast.
lenthree ratingfive Worth the price.
lenfourteen ratingfive Even Google's new keyboard in 4.2 with real time prediction doesn't match this.
lenfive ratingfive This is a wonderful keyboard.
lentwelve ratingfive I couldn't use anything else now that I have tried it.
lenseventeen ratingfive I haven't used a different keyboard since I bought this one, just because it's amazing.
lenten ratingfive Like my title says, the auto correct is near perfect.
lenfourteen ratingfive Never thought I would like a keyboard better than swype but now I do.
lentwentynine ratingfive I think it's very smart that you guys decided to make it as an update for those who have already purchased instead of making us buy it again.
lenthirteen ratingfive On another note I didn't think this keyboard could get any better!
lenfour ratingfive It's just... Perfect
lenseventeen ratingfive Been on SwiftKey for over a year now, it is responsive and the prediction engine is excellent.
lenfourteen ratingfive I especially love the num pad, much more intuitive than a row of numbers.
lentwentythree ratingfive I even tried the latest stock Android 4.2 keyboard (which has swipe like feature) and am very sure I can type faster on SwiftKey.
lensix ratingfive Much better that the stock keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive Predictive text works really well.
lennine ratingfive It can predict text for you or offer suggestions.
lensix ratingfive Must have application for your phone.
lensix ratingfive Just makes typing look so easy!
lenthree ratingfive Buy for sure.
leneight ratingfive keyboard is a vital tool on any smartphone.
leneleven ratingfive This app takes the default keyboard to a whole new level.....
lensixteen ratingfive You will be amazed by how much it adapts and the auto correction tailored to you!
lenfive ratingfive Love this & the tablet version!
lenfive ratingfive Easy to use & very intuitive.
leneight ratingfive I am very pleased with the SwiftKey keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfive I wasn't sure another keyboard app would make a difference but it certainly has.
lenseventeen ratingfive I thought I would try it and see how it works, and am very glad I did.
lenten ratingfive Almost went back to a phone that has a keyboard.
lenfourteen ratingfour I have only owned it for a short time, but so far so good
lensix ratingone worked fine until about 3 days ago.
lentwo ratingfive Excellent app!!!!!!
lenten ratingthree This drives me mad as the Samsung keyboard is terrible.
lennine ratingthree Is this a problem with JB, the S3 or SwiftKey?
lenfifteen ratingfive After using this keyboard now for several months I have had no problems with it.
lennine ratingfive The themes are great and the usability is great.
leneleven ratingfive The GB keyboard is awful and so is the ICS keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfive This is a must have tool and it really makes your device much more usable.
lenseven ratingfive But apart from that it's great.
lensixteen ratingthree It appears to be a minor glitch and not an actual function of the keyboard itself.
leneleven ratingthree In lieu of these issues being adjusted, I will give 5 stars.
lentwo ratingfive Briliant App.
lenseventeen ratingfive Easy, to go use and u also have tutorials when u use it for the first time.
lensix ratingfive Saved me over 15.000 keystrockes until now.
lenfive ratingfive Also has very nice themes.
lenthree ratingfive Totally worth buying.
lenseven ratingthree This keyboard is really not that good.
leneleven ratingthree I don't notice a big difference between this and stock.
lentwentyone ratingfive I don't like to buy apps but I tried the free trial of this and I had to buy it!
lensix ratingfive I can't live without it.
leneight ratingfive It's like part of my texting lifestyle :))
lenfive ratingfive it predicts what I type!
lenfour ratingfive Definitely worth it buying!!!
lensix ratingfive Best transition app from a blackberry.
leneighteen ratingfive It knows what your going to write and corrects any mistakes better than anything I've ever seen.
leneight ratingfive This beats Auto correct on iphone bar none!!
lennine ratingfive Keep up the good work and keep giving updates
lentwelve ratingfive Best app ever, its like having auto correct 50 years in the future
lennineteen ratingfour I like it,  simple to configure and use and saves me time from editing my messages after quick typing.
leneight ratingfour I recommend for anybody looking for quicker productivity.
lenfour ratingfive Best keyboard for Android
lenfour ratingone Have reinstalled several times.
lenseventeen ratingfour One if the best keyboards ive used but the screen on my phone is way to sensitive
lenseven ratingthree I've had enough of this keyboard.
lentwentyone ratingthree I shouldn't have to do extra for it not to do this so I've gone back to using stock.
lensixteen ratingfive I every time I have a friend that has a new phone u suggest this app.
lennine ratingfive Can't wait for flow I'm very eager.
lenseven ratingfive Saves so many mistakes and increases productivity.
leneleven ratingfive Very useful, handy,  can add several languages at the same time...
lenthree ratingfive Nice pumpkin color...
lenthirtyfive ratingfive When I wiped my phone, the few days I didn't have this installed I just wouldn't type much because it was such a hassle compare to the fantastic ease when I use Swiftkey
lenthirteen ratingfive Wonderful keyboard and way better than the one that came on my default.
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard app I have used.
lenseventeen ratingfive The Samsung keyboard kept crashing and the Swipe kept registering strange finger taps that didn't happen.
lenfour ratingfive The SwiftKey just works.
lenseven ratingfive The default keyboard on my device sucks.
lennine ratingfive I spent more time fighting with it then typing.
lensix ratingfive And I also use multiple languages.
lentwelve ratingfive This application made a huge difference and is well worth the money.
lenten ratingfive My wife has a smart phone from that fruit company.
lenten ratingfive She says she wishes SwiftKey was available from her store.
lenfive ratingfive The predicted text is awesome!
lentwo ratingfive Love it!
lentwentytwo ratingfive I love this app for my phone but I'm annoyed I have to buy another version to run on my tablet.
lensixteen ratingfive This is easily the best keyboard for android right now and it's always being updated.
lentwo ratingfive Great App
lenfive ratingfive I just love this keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive It predicts your next word before you even think about it.
leneight ratingfive Makes typing on a phone so much easier.
lennine ratingfive A big thanks to the developers of this application.
lenthree ratingfour Had to uninstall.
lenthirteen ratingfive Totally worth every penny,  a no Brainer my hats off to the developers
lenfour ratingtwo Nexus One on Gingerbread
lenfour ratingone Makes it completely useless
lensix ratingfive only for swiftkey to break it.
lenthree ratingfive a shame, really.
lentwentyone ratingfive since it is really the one thing that sets them apart from the rest of the other keyboard apps out there.
lensix ratingfour Other than that, Its great app.
lentwelve ratingtwo once that feature is in place, i'll be back on board 100%.
lenthree ratingone something is strange :(
lenthree ratingone version 2 was perfect.
lenfour ratingone version 3 is just bad!
lentwelve ratingfive Its hands down a great app and would recommend it to anyone.
lentwentyeight ratingfive for me its the best keyboard ( only tested the free ones ) even tho was the best app i used for 30days i dint wanted to pay the full price
lennine ratingfive i hate paying for apps that cost more than ?
lenseven ratingfive so i am happy for this SALE!
lenseven ratingfive dint think twice and just bought it, ?